What&#39;s new: Introducing Hotstar Premium: Latest American TV Shows and Movies, exclusively on Hotstar. Watch the season 6 premiere of Game Of Thrones. Minutes after America. Unspoiled. Start your 1 month free trial now. Catch up on the latest action from the world of sports on Hotstar. Be it cricket, football, badminton, hockey, kabaddi; Hotstar has it all. Hotstar gives live scores and the latest updates, free streaming of videos and loads of video highlights. What’s more? View live cricket score on-the-go and never miss any moment of your favorite live IPL match.The VIVO IPL 2016 begins on 9th April and Hotstar will show all the matches. Catch VIVO IPL 2016 on Hotstar with minute-by-minute live scores and live IPL streaming.Watch the latest TV serials, Movies and LIVE sports on your Android device for free! Watch full episodes of your favourite shows, full Hindi/Bollywood, English, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Telugu and Bengali movies in addition to live cricket.On Hotstar, you can watch full episodes of your favourite TV serials from popular channels like Star Plus, Life OK, Channel V, Star Vijay, Asianet, Suvarna, Star Jalsha, Star Pravah, Asianet Plus, Star Utsav, Star World, MAA TV and others; Hotstar also has full episodes of your favourite TV Shows from the years gone by - Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi, Kasautii Zindagi Ke, Sarabhai vs Sarabhai, Mahabharat, Khichdi, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon.Latest Bollywood Blockbusters: We also update our movie catalogue regularly with the biggest Bollywood blockbusters from Salman Khan, Ajay Devgn, Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan, Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif and others – full movies, available to stream online for free!In addition, you can also catch the latest Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Marathi &amp; Bengali Shows here.Blockbusters: Hotstar is the only destination where you can catch full-length Bollywood movies from your favourite Stars with movies like Bajrangi Bhaijaan, Kick, Dabangg 2, Baby, Lootera, Action Jackson, Finding Fanny, Singham, Singham Returns, Bang Bang, Bullett Raja, Golmaal, Fukrey, Kahaani etc.Free streaming of English TV shows: Hotstar will also showcase the best and the latest English shows for free! Now, you don’t need to illegally download your favourite English TV shows and watch them in inferior video quality. Hotstar brings to you popular shows like Homeland, Masterchef and other shows, in HD quality and absolutely free! Languages Supported: Hindi, English, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Marathi, Bengali.Features: Great new Search: Our all new search feature will help you find exactly what you’re looking for, in an instant!Choose your video quality – Choose the bitrate of your streaming video as per your liking.Great video experience on any bandwidth - even on 2G!Resume - Hotstar will remember where you stopped watching and can pick up exactly at the point where you left off.Download - You can download your favorite videos and watch them offline.Data charges applicable as per your internet/mobile operator when you stream videos on the app.