Reach out to us at support@voot.com for any queries/ feedback/personal advice/ proposal jitters/etc.Voot is a mobile first video on demand platform, part of Viacom 18 Digital Ventures, the digital arm of Viacom 18 - one of the country’s largest growing media networksWith over 17,000 hours of exciting content for audiences with varying choices and preferences, covering Colors Hindi, MTV, Nickelodeon, Viacom18 Motion Pictures, Colors Kannada, Colors Marathi, Colors Bangla, Colors Gujarati and MTV Indies, Voot offers the biggest TV Shows, Blockbuster Movies, your favorite Toons &amp; Voot Originals, absolutely Free.  Download the VOOT app now!BIGGEST TV SHOWS• The Best of Reality shows: Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi, Bigg Boss, India’s Got Talent, Roadies, Splitsvilla &amp; more. •The Best of Comedy shows: Comedy Nights Live, Comedy Nights Bachao, Comedy Nights With Kapil, MTV Bakra &amp; more. •The Best of Drama shows: Naagin, Sasural Simar Ka, Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat, Balika Vadhu, Swaragini &amp; more.•The Best of Romance shows: Madhubala, Meri Aashiqui Tum Se Hi, Ishq ka rang Safed, Rangrasiya &amp; more. •Voot also allows you to access its legacy content, from hit shows which are now off-air, along with the entire library of episodes of all shows on-air currently.•Besides full episodes, you can watch short format entertainment which includes Mini Clips, promos, Mashups &amp; playlists, Spoiler Alerts, Fast Forwards, Music Videos etc.Blockbuster MOVIES• The biggest blockbusters with details of star cast, language, genre, release year and duration. Akshay Kumar, Saif Ali Khan, Ajay Devgn, Kareena Kapoor Khan, Shahid Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Kangana Ranaut and more!Voot OriginalsGripping, unique and binge worthy content that you have a first-hand, exclusive access to only on the Voot App. Engaging dramas, comedies, spoofs and everything in between.Favorite TOONS•Biggest bouquet of Kids content: The most popular series and the most popular characters like Motu Patlu, Chhota Bheem, Pokemon, Kung Fu Panda, Dora, SpongeBob, etc.•Voot Kids Pin: You can set up a pin to make sure your kids only see what you want them to. You can also seamlessly toggle between Voot and Voot Kids through this Security Pin.•The Exclusive Shake Feature: Voot Kids allows you to instantly swap to episodes of other popular characters by simply shaking your phone.Voot Features•Voot Picks: Team Voot handpicks the best and latest episodes of the most popular on-air shows and Voot Originals in this section that you will surely fall in love with.•Just For You: A personalized vertical which is customized as per individual users’ likes and viewing history•Vooting Now: Don’t fall behind anymore with the one-stop destination to your dose on what’s trending on Voot.•Discover Cards: These cards allow you to “Pull down for Bonus Content” to instantly access trending playlist of the most popular shows, across channels.•The CHROMECAST option allows you to hook up the App to their TVs. (Coming Soon)•Download: The option to download the latest episodes of your shows favorite shows to your device, so that you can watch your favorite content ‘’on the go”. (Coming Soon)•Sharing and Shouts:The first mobile video platform with a social engagement feature – where you can send out customized shouts for every video you watch, for everyone to see. Share Voot content across all social platforms. Go on. Tell the world how much you love us ☺•Resume and Playback: The App will remember the exact point where you had stopped watching a piece of content and allow you to “resume watching” from that point, along with providing the option to “Start from the beginning”