Love to watch Movies, TV series or latest Trending videos? Wynk it!We bring to you the latest in entertainment: all in a single app.Watch latest Bollywood movies like Bajirao Mastani, Bajrangi Bhaijaan, Tanu Weds Manu Returns, NH 10, Badlapur, Shamitabh, Happy Ending. Play movies online with a single click. Enjoy Hollywood movies like Inception, Dark Knight Rises, Goodfellas, Avengers, Due Date and more. Binge on your favorite TV series like Friends, Fringe, Chuck, Gossip Girl, etc. Watch TV shows from SonyLIV like CID, Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma and many more.What makes it even more awesome:• Chromecast ready: Cast videos on your TV screen from the app• Latest trailers of new upcoming movies• Create a list of your favorite Hindi &amp; English movies• Multi-device Access, single login for all your devices (up to 5)• Contest across genres: Comedy, Drama, Action, Thriller, Kids, Science, Trending• Continue watching your favorite Hindi &amp; English movies from where you left last time.Subscription options:• Free unlimited trial on Hooq channel for 14 days: Watch &amp; download unlimited movies• Free unlimited movies for airtel Infinity users: Watch &amp; download unlimited latest movies for free• Free 5 movie packs on Eros Now and Hooq Bytes rail with select airtel data packs: Latest movies for Free• Monthly subscription pack on Eros Now channel to watch movies online• Monthly subscription pack on Hooq channel to watch movies online and to download new movies to watch offlineAll payments can be made using Carrier billing*, net banking, credit or debit card.* Only available for airtel customersCurrently, Wynk Movies has 5 channels:# EROS NOW: Thousands of Bollywood movies. You can stream unlimited movies from this channel if you are a subscribed user of Wynk Eros. If not, you can stream the FREE movies as many times as you want.# HOOQ: Thousands of Hollywood movies, Bollywood movies, Regional movies and TV series from across the world. You can stream unlimited movies/ TV shows from this channel if you are a subscribed user of Wynk Hooq.# Sony LIV: FREE streaming of popular TV shows from the Sony network like Tarak Mehta, CID, Humsafar, Adaalat. Streaming is free and SonyLiv subscribed users can even download the shows (downloads are valid for 3 days)# Youtube: FREE streaming of some handpicked videos and playlists from Youtube curated specially for you.# Dailymotion: FREE streaming of some popular videos and playlists from Dailymotion. We have picked up the best videos from Dailymotion so that you don’t have to search for them.For more information about the product, you can go to airtel.in/wynkmoviesTo share any feedback with us, you can mail us at movies@wynk.inFor more information refer to FAQs, Terms &amp; conditions in the ‘About Us’ sectionFor your enjoyment, we have awesome Hindi movies &amp; English movies like Tanu Weds Manu Returns, NH 10, Badlapur, Shamitabh, Happy Ending, Dark Knight rises, Inception, The Departed, Ek Villian, Cheeni Kum, Krrish 3, Rowdy Rathore, Bheja Fry 2, Dirty Picture, Heroine, Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji, Rajneeti, Hangover, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2, Gran Torino, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows, The Social Network, Dabangg 2, Om Shanti Om, Devdas, Ra One, Jai Ho, Udaan, Omakara, Vicky donor, Maachis, Singham Returns, Chennai Express, Tevar, Iqbal, Andaz Apna Apna, Anand, Gol Maal, The Lion King, Toy Story 3, A Wednesday, UP, Toy Story, Black, Barfi, Swades, Paan Singh Tomar, The Sixth Sense, The Avengers, Finding Nemo. We have classic TV series also like I dream of Jeannie, Chuck, Nikita, Friends, etc. and the list goes on.Rate us with 5 stars if you like the app.