►#fame Exclusive Shows★  Workout with Soha Ali Khan★  Bake a cake with Radhika Apte★  AMA with Huma Qureshi★  Go shopping with Rashmi Desai★  AMA with PulkitSamrat★  Beatboxing with Kunal Khemu►Key Features:✔  Beam:Create your own beam, go live immediately and show your talent to the world✔ Watch: Live videos, comedy videos, funny videos, social videos, archive shows, and get reminders for your favorite show.✔Live Chat: Dive into conversation with Bollywood actors, actresses, and other users while watching live video.✔Share: Share your favorite shows, velfie and videos through WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter etc., best you can get in any of the entertainment apps.✔Shows: There are far more on #fame than you can ever get on Television. Love and Relationships, Dating advice, Astrology, Fashion tips, live music performances, live events (sunburn, supersonic), Dance tutorials, Bollywood Movie reviews.✔  Intelligent Push Notifications: So that you never miss the action and tune live into some exciting social videos.►Amazing things that you can do on #fame.Broadcast message: Live chat with celebrities, and other users who might be willing to take up your questions and answer them! Find new genres: And get into live chat with fans. Be it rock music fans, or the ones who swear by blues, #fame has everything in it. Want to create something new? All you need is your phone! Who knows if you hit the top billboards and become an apple of everyone’s eyes. Go Bollywood: Check out celebs, bollywood online movies, bollywood life, bollywood news, bollywood images, bollywood upcoming movies, bollywood actress, bollywood movies, act like a celebrity, tap into the bollywood world and get followers. Showcase your talent: Do you think you can show your talent for captivating the imagination of your fans? #fame can provide you the platform to showcase talent Watch Social Videos for entertainment: If you love to watch social videos, then #fame is the live video app for you. It is the hub of trending social videos, comedy videos, funny videos, fashion videos and even the ones related to astrology etc. All purpose app: #fame works as a live broadcasting app, a live entertainment app, live video app, and social app – it’s all packed in one powerful app. Be a pro: Watch stuff like gadget videos, mobile hacks, informative videos etc. Love cars? Watch car shows, you name it and you’d find it here! #fame has almost all the amazing shows.Motivate yourself: Want to watch inspirational videos or watch real life stories? Watch these stories unfolding, you can also hit search from a huge database of videos and streams, and motivate yourself through videos that are inspiring.#fame is the next generation live video app that gets you the best videos, re-takes and a lot of live action here! After all every celebrity was once an ordinary performer. #fame gives you a platform to broadcast live, chat with celebs and give you access to a huge community of like-minded people.All you need is #fame to rock and show the world that you can make a difference with your live performances. A huge video community is waiting for you to dive in.Twitter: @livyourfameInstagram: @livyourfameFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/livyourfame