With BookMyShow&#39;s application you can now book tickets for movies, plays, concerts, sports and many other events happening in your city. You can book and buy movie tickets online. Our app also lets you check movie show timings, theatre lists, read reviews &amp; news.Most of the renowned cinemas in the country like PVR Cinemas, BIG Cinemas, INOX, AGS Cinemas, Apna Cinema, CineMAX, City Gold, DT City Centre, E-SQUARE, Cinepolis, Fame Cinemas, Fun Cinemas, Glitz Cinemas, Gold Cinema, Gopalan Cinemas, HDIL Broadway, Movietime, Prasads, Q Cinemas, Rajhans Cine World, Satyam Cineplexes, SRS Cinemas, Storm 5D, Wave and many more have tied-up with BookMyShow.If that&#39;s not enough, you can also book tickets for theaters like NCPA Mumbai, Prithvi Theatre Mumbai, Epicenter Gurgaon, Yours Truly Alma Bangalore, Ranga Shankara, Jagriti Theatre, Lamakaan Hyderabad, Comedy Store, Alliance Francaise Chennai, Alliance Francaise de Delhi and many more.BookMyShow&#39;s application is definitely a one-stop shop for all your ticketing and entertainment shows. Tamil or Telugu movie shows, plays or comedy shows, music concerts or T20 bookings - You want it, we got it!At BookMyShow, we take our users&#39; privacy very seriously. Here are the details on every permission that this app asks for. We do not save any of this information on our servers.• Storage: We save some data locally to avoid making a lot of network calls.• Your Location: We use the location data to show you venues around you. No data is saved on our servers.• Your Social Information: We only need to read your contacts when you need to pick someone from the contacts to share booking details with. We don&#39;t save any of this data on our servers. Ever.• Your applications information [Retrieve running apps] &amp; Logs: We use this to gather information that helps us fix any issues that you may experience with our app. We do not save any of this information.• Your Accounts: We require this to be able to send push notifications. Don’t worry, we never spam.• Won&#39;t affect your battery: We require this to be able to send you push notifications. Don&#39;t worry, we never spam.• Your Contacts : We need access to your contacts, so that you can invite your friends to join you after you&#39;ve booked your tickets. Your information will kept confidential.• Read and Receive SMS: We need this permission to enable our app to read your One -Time - Password SMS and automatically enter the code while completing the payment. Your privacy will be respected and no information will be saved.Download our app for FREE and book tickets on the go. The box office at your fingertips.Like us on Facebook:- http://www.facebook.com/BookMyShowINFollow us on Twitter:- https://twitter.com/BookMyShow