High on Bollywood fever? B20 has got the right dosage which will cure you in a minute! It has got all the key celebs of Bollywood under one roof! With B20, you can kiss those days goodbye when you had to endlessly scroll through pages on end to get your daily dose of entertainment and fish out tinsel town&#39;s juicy stories. It’s the quickest and easiest way to keep a score of what’s happening in Bollywood!B20 is an app which servers the top 20 Bollywood news and gossips of the day in a minute! It gives you a gist of the latest happening at a glance without batting around the unnecessary topics. This way, you get to know the key news and gossips of the day at one go and don’t have to go peering into the field to spot the star player of the game. So next time you are stuck in a jam or waiting in line for your turn, just tap your fingers and get transported to the world of glamour. You also have the option of bookmarking your favourite stories so that you can go back to them whenever you want. With B20, Bollywood is now on the fingertips, quite literally!Features:•	A user friendly browse window which you won’t find taxing as you flip through the stories. B20 presents 20 top stories of the day at a glance.•	All news section: The ‘all news’ section as the name suggests contains all the top 20 Bollywood news that is available for your perusal. •	Bookmark: With B20 you have a bookmark feature so that you don’t have to waste your time to go looking for your favourite Bollywood news piece if you choose to go back to it to give it another read. Just bookmark and pick it up from where you left off at the time of your choosing.•	Share a B20 story with your friends on Facebook, Whatsapp, e-mail and other supported platforms and boast of being the first one to get all the latest updates.•	Night mode for a comfortable, strain free, reading at night. •	Get periodic notifications on the hottest Bollywood news•	You also have an option to browse beyond the top 20 Bollywood news in case you want to delve deeper into the world of glamour. B20 keeps you updated with latest Bollywood news and gossips. It’s got Bollywood stories, on actors, actresses, singers, musicians and directors, all under one roof. So next time you think of Bollywood, think B20 .Download it today and spice up your life with the juiciest and the trending Bollywood news!B20 Masala requires the few - permissions. However, your privacy is critical to us, and the app never uses photos, videos and other media files, make calls, send messages or save and/or distribute device information.