Welcome to FreeCharge Wallet - the fastest mobile app for online recharge &amp; bill payments. Not just easy, safe and secure, it is quick. Pay for your prepaid mobile recharges, postpaid mobile bill, electricity bill payment, dth recharge, landline bills, datacard, and utility bill payments in under 10 seconds.FreeCharge has introduced the most convenient online mobile wallet for your day to day payments. You can transfer money to the wallet using your Debit / Credit Cards or NetBanking and same can be used for quick mobile recharge &amp; bill payments. No more waiting in queue for mobile recharge or utility bill payment, pay at your fingertips and save your time with FreeCharge.Your wallet is also available for you while transacting on Snapdeal and other merchants - with same login credentials, saved cards and shipping details. Carry the rewards, cashback &amp; money in FreeCharge wallet with you wherever you transact.What does FreeCharge offer you? - Best wallet &amp; payment experience, now on FreeCharge &amp; Snapdeal. More merchants coming soon. - Fastest way to do mobile recharge, bill payments, dth, datacards and utility bill payments.  - Make online prepaid mobile recharge for all leading Indian telcos including Airtel, Vodafone, Idea, Reliance, Tata Docomo, Airtel, BSNL and others. - Pay for your postpaid mobile bill payment for all operators like Airtel, Vodafone, Idea, Reliance, Tata Docomo, BSNL and others. - Recharge DTH for operators such as Tata Sky, Airtel Digital TV, Reliance Big TV, Dish TV, Sun Direct and Videocon D2H. - Pay online for your electricity bills from BESCOM, BSES Delhi, BEST Mumbai, Reliance Energy, MSEDC and others. - Gas bill for Mahanagar Gas Limited - Landline bill payments for Airtel landline, BSNL landline and MTNL Delhi - Mumbai Metro smart card - Datacard recharge for operators like Reliance Netconnect, Airtel, Tata Photon, Vodafone, and others.    New features on FreeCharge: - Fastest payment experience, complete your recharge &amp; bill payment experiences in less than 10 seconds. - Pay or add cash to your wallet with debit cards, credit cards, net banking from all leading banks such as State Bank of India (SB), HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and others. - View tariff plans on full talktime, top up, 3G and 2G data recharge on all major prepaid mobile operators in India. - Save recharge, account details &amp; transaction preferences for quick repeat experience. - 100% Secure. Your money is always in safe hands. - Saved cards, address and personal details for faster payment experience on FreeCharge, Snapdeal and other merchants (coming soon). - 100% Secure: all your transactions are 128 bit SSL secured with trust seal from industry leaders such as VeriSign and PCI-DSS. - Login using your Google+ or Facebook accounts and enjoy the best recharge experience ever. - Now your account credentials work on both - FreeCharge and Snapdeal. - Amazing discounts and cashbacks on all types of transactions - mobile recharge, bill payment, dth recharge and utility payments. Download FreeCharge app for the best payment and wallet experience. Its fast, safe and secure to experience the same.Customer Service:Have questions or queries, feel free to write to us at care@freecharge.comWe would love to hear any suggestions, questions or comments, please write in to apps@freecharge.com. Thanks