India’s No. 1 online shopping App for Sunglasses, Eyeglasses, Contact Lenses, Prescription Sunglasses &amp; Eyewear Accessories. Log on. Play on. – With the new Lenskart App, that makes it more convenient for you to access a whole new world of eyewear on your phone.Now, get addicted to an infinite fashionable range of eyewear, avail exciting offers &amp; outstanding services, and place an order anywhere, anytime with the official Lenskart Application. Get acquainted with new arrivals and best-sellers as they make their way on international runways. The exclusive ‘recommended’ section on the App will help you zero in on eyewear styles that best suit your face. Features:• INFINITE EYEWEAR: Access the abundant collection of eyewear by premium brands such as Ray-Ban, Oakley, Vogue, Vincent Chase, John Jacobs, Chhota Bheem, among many others.• SUIT YOUR STYLE: Browse through the bestsellers, new arrivals and the recommended pairs of eyeglasses &amp; sunglasses as per your face shape and personal style. • LATEST COLLECTION: Don’t forget to go through the ‘Latest Collection’ section to know about new offers, styles and eyewear collection.• BOOK HOME EYE CHECK-UP: An expert optician will visit you at your convenient hour and test your eyes at your home/office.• Select products that you want to try at home before buying.• Shop from a range of 100% authentic brands.• Unbeatable prices• Order online &amp; pay CASH ON DELIVERY• Scan product barcodes with the camera• Live chat with the customer support team• Avail the 14 days return policyVIRTUAL MIRROR: It’s as good as trying on different eyeglasses and sunglasses and checking yourself out in the mirror. With Lenskart’s advanced virtual mirror, you don’t just get to try on eyewear real time; you can also get playful with the infinite range. Click &amp; upload your image on the virtual mirror directly from your mobile camera; try on eyeglasses &amp; sunglasses online; share them on Facebook or twitter. All this &amp; much more to get you #AddictedToLenskart.Download now &amp; explore it for yourself!