Hi friend…!We’re introducing this Purchoose All in One online shopping app to give you the ability to meet all your daily online shopping needs at a single place. Here we’ve included many shopping websites like - Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal, Ebay india, Infibeam, Shopclues, Paytm, Homeshop18, Naaptol, Myntra, yepme,  Jabong,  OLX, Quikr, Craftsvilla, Ask me bazaar,  Makemytrip, Cleartrip, Cardekho, Cartrade, Koovs and many more shopping sites for online shopping india. Sell your stuff on classifieds sites like quikr, olx, junglee using this online shopping india apps.This shopping app saves a lot of your phone&#39;s storage space by eliminating the need to install all the individual shopping apps to shop onlineYou can do a lot of things with this app like shopping online, recharge your mobile or Dish TV, book train tickets, flight tickets, movie tickets, take an insurance policy, start your own website, buy groceries, avail professional services at your door step, buy jewellery or jewelry shopping, compare prices from different online shops like flipkart, amazon, paytm, justdial, shopclues, askme bazaar,  and many more india shopping sites that can save your rupee.New websites were added like IRCTC, CRIS, Clean My Coach etc.. to help the users book train tickets, train seat or berth reservation, check train live status, train schedule, live station status, request the Indian Railways to clean their coaches.Price Comparison shopping makes yours the cheapest online shopping in india. For this purpose many price comparison sites like mysmartprice, compareraja, junglee were added.Be assured that this online shopping india app is safe and secure. It doesn&#39;t store any of your personal details while you shop online.Disclaimer:All the icons and titles used in this app are the properties of respective websites. We&#39;ve included them only for informational purposes. If any shopping site owner doesn&#39;t want it to be included, please contact us and we&#39;ll immediately remove the site in this shopping apps.Notice to other developers and publishers:This content is own written and not copied from anywhere else. Please do not try to copy this. If any developer (on good faith) finds it infringing their copyright, please ,mail us and we&#39;ll cooperate with you. All the false allegations and notices will be taken very seriously and proceeded against accordingly.Please do check for updates regularly..Thank you..!