Looking to buy a new bike or a scooter / scooty? BikeDekho is the most useful and easy way to find out the most suitable two-wheeler for yourself. The app provides you with an exhaustive set of features to help you narrow down to the best bike in your price range.Here you can get information about all the available bike models in India along with their ex-showroom as well as on-road prices. It provides various information about bikes including their variants with price list, overview, specifications, features, pictures, review and road test. Some of the key features of the BikeDekho App are listed below:SEARCH: Quickest way to navigate to the Bike or Scooter you are looking for. The app has one of the most exhaustive catalogues available anywhere in India, including some of the best sellers: Honda - Activa, Shine, Dio, Unicorn; Hero - Splendor, Maestro; TVS - Jupiter, Apache; Bajaj - Pulsar, Avenger; Piaggio - Vespa; Yamaha -  FZ, YZFR15; Royal Enfield - Classic 350, Thunderbird among othersBIKES: Looking to find the bike that suits you needs? This is the feature for you. Compare from a large range of bikes from the top brand manufacturers including Honda, Hero MotoCorp, Yamaha, TVS, Bajaj, Suzuki, Mahindra, Royal Enfield and the exhaustive range of premium brands like Harley Davidson. You can sort the bikes on popularity, price, apply filters on style among others. SCOOTERS: Find the most comprehensible range of scooters available in India. Under this section, you can read their reviews, compare specifications, check on road price, read road tests and check for alternativesCOMPARE BIKES: This feature lets you compare different bikes and scooters. Compare their price, specs and their key features using this feature.REVIEWS: Read through an exhaustive set of user reviews from genuine users and road tests done via our own experts. ON ROAD PRICE: Get access to on-road price for all bikes, scooter across over 100+ cities including - Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Gurgaon, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Jaipur.SPECIFICATIONS: Find details specs for all the bikes and scooters, including the key decision makers - mileage, capacity, gearbox, self start, horsepower and top speed.NEWS: Our editorial team keeps this section busy with 360 degree news around bikes for people looking to buy bikes or our bike enthusiasts. This section includes - new bike launches, upgrades or updates in the two-wheelers, price changes and all other updates of the industry. FIND DEALERS: Search for the nearby bike and scooty /scooter dealers of various brands in an easier way using this functionality. Just select the brand and city, and get information about all the dealers in your region.TWO WHEELER FINANCEBook Bike Online, Used Bikes - Coming Soon