India’s Most Trusted Motorplace is now in your hands! Droom marketplace app has everything that you need to buy or sell any used or new automobile - be it a car, bike, scooter, bicycle, or even a plane - in a truly 21st century experience. Droom provides a platform to buy or sell anything with wheels, as well as all related services such as car care &amp; detailing, auto inspection,warranty, road side assistance, and insurance among others. Droom has 4000+ total listings for used cars, bikes, scooters, supercars, super bikes, premium cars, vintage cars, vintage bikes, bicyclesDroom empowers you to list your used vehicle online via robust technology, bridging the gap between sellers and buyers, creating trust and solving all the hassles and pain points of traditional buying and selling used vehicles. With droom, what you see is what you get (WYSIWYG).You can list your vehicles from anywhere in India.App Features:•	Buy: Buying automobiles is now an easy and stress-free experience. Droom provide Wide Variety, Great Pricing, Different Selling Formats, Verified Sellers, Pro-Sellers, and Droom Full circle Trust Factors to help make your buying decision quick, easier, and more trustworthy.•	Best Offer VS Fixed Price: Droom enables you to make a best offer to the seller of the vehicle, enabling you to negotiate and quote a price you are willing to pay for a listing to the seller•	Verified Sellers: Droom cross checks and verifies the details of each and every seller and marks them as verified seller. •	Sell: Droom provides a platform where you can list your vehicle such as a used car or used bike for sale without any hassle at any time. You can also preview your listing before you post it online.•	Buyer services – Auctions, daily deals, heart throbbing deals, nail biting deals, and bullet deals, and opportunity for negotiation through best offer•	Housekeeping items: No more annoying calls at odd times from various buyers for negotiation and vehicle inspection. You are free to specify your contact schedule and choose payment preferences. Your contact information is private and will only be passed on to the buyer once he or she commits to buy your listing.•	Trust Factors: Trust is one of the key parameters while selling or buying a used automobile. Droom provides Full Circle of Trust to the buyer including Verified Sellers, detailed Seller Declaration, Droom Inspection Report, Ratings &amp; Reviews, and Buyer Protection to build trust between buyer and seller.•	Explore: Explore thousand of vehicles via the Droom app. You can check out detailed specifications of various vehicles and read reviews &amp; detailed ratings from certified buyers and sellers.•	Commitment Fee is money paid in good faith that a buyer is expected to pay once (s)he is satisfied with the listing details. This fee is fully refundable and covered under Droom Buyer Protection if the actual vehicle differs from its description on Droom.Great Selection on Droom - you can find vehicles from all the premium automobile makers like Audi, Mercedes, BMW, Jaguar, Toyota, Land Rover, and more. Similarly, Droom has a great collection for mid-segment cars like Maruti Suzuki Alto, WagonR, Swift, Dzire, Ford Figo, Hyundai i10, i20, Honda City, Amaze, Civic and covering all the makes like Mahindra, Honda, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Datsun, Renault, Chevrolet. Under Motor cycles category, Droom has bikes from leading makes like Hero, Honda, Royal Enfield, KTM, Harley Yamaha, and Bajaj including popular models like Bajaj Pulsar, Honda Activa, and Bajaj Discover.The App notifies you with discounts, price drops, deals, seller/buyer messages, order status, exclusive launches to make your automobile buying and selling experience unmatchable.We would love to hear your feedback/reviews at app-feedback@droom.inInterested in selling with us as a dealer/pro-seller? get connected at sell@droom.in