Oxigen Wallet is India’s #1 App for Money Transfer, Mobile Recharge, DTH Recharge and Bill Payments. Oxigen Wallet is a prepaid wallet, approved by RBI and India’s first non-bank wallet to have tied up with NPCI for Instant Money Transfer.Oxigen Wallet transfers money in a jiffy 365 days, 24X7 from mobile anytime, anywhere.Use wallet to recharge mobiles &amp; DTH, buy movie tickets, share bills, share rent with friend, buy flowers, order pizza, shop online and do much more.Oxigen Wallet is bank grade, safe and operator agnostic. So get started to Pay the Smart Way.•	TRANSFER MONEY to any Mobile number on any network in India or to any bank account PAN India using IMPS or NEFT Transfer to all major banks in India like State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Citi Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank, PNB, IOB etc.•	PREPAID MOBILE RECHARGE for Vodafone, Airtel,  Aircel, BSNL, Idea, Loop, MTNL, MTS, Reliance Mobile, Tata Docomo, Uninor and Videocon•	DTH RECHARGES for Airtel, Reliance, Digital Tv, Sun Tv, Tata Sky and Videocon D2h•	DATA CARD TOP UP for MTS, Reliance Netconnect and Tata Photon•	POST PAID BILL PAYMENT of Airtel, Tata Indicom, Vodafone, BSNL, Idea, Loop, Reliance Mobile, Tata Docomo and MTS•	ELECTRICITY BILL PAYMENTS of BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna, Tata Power DDL, Nesco, South Bihar Power, North Bihar Power •	MERCHANT PAYMENT  for Book My Show, Ebay, Dominos, Godaddy, IRCTC, My Bus Tickets.In, and 2000+ more online partnersKey Features: Oxigen Wallet version 4.2 comes with some great user friendly features. With this app now you can do•      Social Login: Sign in to your Oxigen Wallet using your Facebook or Google+ credentials•      Send money via social media: Now with Oxigen Wallet you can send money instantly to social media contacts on Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp and E-Mail. All you need to do is enter the amount and the recipient can access the money through a link.•      Gift airtime and stay connected : You can send a quick recharge to anyone on your social media contact list. Just select the recipient, enter the amount and operator details.  The recipient can get the recharge through a link on social media.•      Ask airtime : Out of talk time? Now you can ask your friends and family on your social media contact list to  send you airtime•      Spread love:  Send video, audio, image and personalized message to loved ones on special occasions•	Schedule Payment: Schedule your recharges, bill payments and money transfers with Oxigen Wallet. Keep wallet loaded and your scheduled transactions will be processed on due date without you having to remember the next recharge date! Convenient, Isn’t’ it? •	Refer a friend: You can refer your friends on Oxigen Wallet and get quick reward if they sign up and transact using Oxigen Wallet•	Instant Payments•	Wide acceptance•	Load wallet using IMPS, debit card, credit card and use for recharges, bill payments and money transfer•	Send Money to Anyone, Anywhere, Anytime on any network•	Share your lunch bill or pool in for a weekend movie with friends•	Send Money to a mobile number that does not have a Oxigen Wallet•	Send Money to any Bank account across 60+ banks pan India including State Bank of India, Axis Bank, CitiBank, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank etc•	Instant payments, experience faster checkout•	Earn Oxigen Points on select transactions•	Certified by Reserve Bank of India (RBI)•	Safe, secure, reliable and bank grade•	Robust fraud control measuresUse Oxigen Wallet app and experience Instant Mobile to Mobile money transfer on the go. Share lunch bills, room rent with your friends, send gifts, buy movie tickets, shop online and Pay the Smart Way.