Need a place to chill? Urgent last minute shopping? Sassy deals and unbelievable cashbacks? Well, Askme’s here to help.With a database of thousands of businesses in every city, Askme is the one-stop destination for all your search needs. From brands, merchants, listings to amazing deals, Askme App is where you find it all, in one place, for FREE.For Android users, Askme App is your new best friend. It lets you search for places to eat, shop, drink and play in your own neighbourhood. It only gets better with a series of deals available on the app, which not only saves your cash, but also earns you various rewards. What’s more, you can also browse through a range of products to shop from in all categories from Askmebazaar.Just so you know, now you need not download the Askmebazaar and Askme Local Deals &amp; Outlets App separately. For when you install the Askmebazaar App, it creates a shortcut for Askme Local Deals &amp; Outlets App as well, making it convenient for you to shop at your ease and browse through the listings from two different icons. For existing users, an App update will ensure the same.Key Features  * Hyperlocal - Search for businesses near you, in your own neighbourhood!  * Shop till you drop- Browse through thousands of products on AskMe Bazaar  * Grab a dea- Avail amazing deals from local businesses around you  * Instant connect- Lookup addresses and phone numbers for thousands of  * Share it- Share your favourite business listings with friends via SMS, e-Mail, businesses, and connect with them instantly through the app Facebook and TwitterMay We?Please note that Askmebazaar App requires permission to access the following services forsmooth operation:1. Location- We need that to fetch you the best services and deals near you.2. Account- How about a personalised treatment? Yes, that’s why we need this.To ensure you enjoy a smooth app experience, we have regular App updates with newfeatures and additional functionality.Need any more reasons to download the App? Got questions? Suggestions? Connect with us @ feedback@askme.com.