Voodoo is here to change the way you shop online. It is a digital assistant that integrates with all the shopping apps on your device. It will help you get the best deals, compare prices &amp; get coupons for online shopping. While you continue to shop the regular way on your favourite app, Voodoo interacts with that app to tell you the best deals without any extra effort. Price comparison for shopping, Similar products for fashion, Cheapest &amp; Nearest cabs available &amp; availing the Best Coupons across all shopping, cabs, recharge &amp; food delivery apps - All these features within your favourite apps.Features:AUTO-ASSIST:You don’t need to launch Voodoo before you plan to shop online. Just open the app of your choice and Voodoo will show up with the best deal. It’s good to be lazy! :)SHOPPING:Find out the lowest price for your favourite product across all shopping apps and get the best deals by comparing prices and save a lot of money! Search for products like mobile phones, laptops, cameras, TVs etc. and find the lowest price online. More money for extra shopping!Casts a spell over:Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, PayTM and 3 othersCABS:Know the availability of the cheapest and the nearest cabs available to you, across all apps &amp; book with one click. Why waste time opening all the cab service apps to check the availability?Casts a spell over:OLA, Uber and TaxiForSureFASHION:Find similar products at better prices across platforms. We will scan all apps and find what we think you will like - whether it is shoes, bags, clothes, accessories for all brands as well. Get more of what you love!Casts a spell over:Jabong, Myntra, Flipkart, Snapdeal and 8 othersCOUPONS:Get a list of all valid coupons, deals &amp; offers on everyday purchases that you make and apply the best one with just a tap! Never miss an offer again, or no need to remember deals/coupon codes, we do it for you. Open any app and find the list of coupons which you can use currently. No more coupon hunting!Casts a spell over:PayTM, Freecharge, Myntra, FoodPanda and 11 othersA must-have for all smart online shopaholics to make shopping easier, more convenient, efficient and fun!Do check it out, we are planning to add a lot more in the next version.#DigitalAssistant #ShoppingAssistant #PriceComparison #Coupons