Download the all-new Telenor India app and simplify your life! Managing your Telenor account just got a whole lot easier. The Telenor India app comes loaded with a variety of features to help you enjoy Telenor’s services better. Now, recharge, check your balance, stay updated on Telenor’s exciting offers and perform a range of other transactions in a few simple swipes. Just download the Telenor India app on your smart phone and get going! Here is what the Telenor India app can do for you: &gt;Quick and easy online recharge: Now, recharge in just 2 easy steps! Enter the recharge amount and make the payment- your recharge is complete. &gt;One-time registration: Download the app, sign in with your Telenor number and your password. Your registration is done. &gt;Check your balance: Want to know your voice, data and SMS balance in one go? Simply click on “Balance check”. &gt;Browse plans: Check out all new and exciting Telenor plans. Decide which one is best for you and simply recharge. &gt;My offers and past transactions: Stay updated on Telenor offers specially designed for you and keep a track of all your past transactions. &gt;Manage your account: Now add and manage up to 5 Telenor numbers from your single account. &gt;Activate/ deactivate services: Want to activate/ deactivate any DND/ Value Added Services? Do it through the app. &gt;View your usage details and download itemized bills: Checking your mini statement and downloading itemized bills has never been easier. &gt;Locate Telenor stores: The app helps you find a Telenor store nearest to you. &gt; Call our Customer Care, send feedback and check FAQs: Send in your feedback on Telenor through the app. Have issues, complaints or queries and need help with your account? Simply “ click to call” to reach our Customer Care. You can also go through the FAQ section for more information about Telenor services. So what are you waiting for? Download the Telenor India app today. A world of incredible services awaits you right at your fingertips!