Discovering new designs for your home was never so easy; you can now browse over 95,000 products in top categories including home décor, furniture, lamps and lighting, kitchen and dining, appliances, bath, housekeeping and furnishings. What’s unique? You can virtually place a furniture piece in your room to check how it looks and also share the picture with your friends to know their opinion. All of this mustered into one single app, solely created to make shopping for household items more convenient for you. Purchase any item ranging from living room furniture to electrical switches, from table lamps to pet supplies and much more right from your smartphone or tablet. Yes, it’s that simple; forget visiting shops and browsing for several hours, our online furniture app has been designed to provide you with the easiest navigation while choosing your desired product. The app also hosts Pepperfry Design Gurus community. Through this forum users can initiate discussions through the app by sharing images and queries with interior design experts. The aim of this community is to encourage exchange of home improvement ideas for shoppers who are looking for home-related advice. It is poised to become the largest home improvement community with increasing number of users joining the forum on a daily basis.Our app lets you –• Shop from our online store on-the-go 24/7• Browse through thousands of amazing furniture and home products• Visualize any product in your room: Check if your desired product matches the interior of your room and accentuates the aesthetic appeal of your home. If still in doubt, click a snap and share it with your friends and family and get to know their opinions!• ‘See it in your room’ is a unique feature exclusively on our app. This feature lets you check how an item you like goes with your wall and your room layout• Liked an item, but not sure about purchasing it? No worries, just add it to your wish list ♥ and buy it later, anytime anywhere, when you are ready• Keep track of items you recently viewed• Easily filter the products you wantOur products are robust and designed to match your comfort. • Living Room furniture – Choose from the coziest of recliners, sofa sets, sofa cum beds and chairs• Bedroom furniture – Explore our wide range of wardrobes, drawers and comfortable beds• Dining Room furniture – Browse through our exclusive collection of dining sets, tables and chairs• Kitchen and Dining – Revamp your kitchen with the right kind of kitchen tools, dinnerware, cutlery and kitchen appliances• Bar furniture – Beautify your bar with appropriate bar chairs and stools, cabinets, bar units and wine racks• Home Décor – Accentuate the interiors of your home with beautiful wall décor, shelves, mirrors, curios, photo frames and time pieces• Home Furnishings – Make your home look pretty with beautiful curtains, cushions, bed linens, pillows, mattresses, floor mats and comforters• Kids Room furniture – Decorate your kids room with attractive beds, bunk beds, bed side tables, chest of drawers and wardrobes• Home Appliances – Equip your house with robust cooking appliances, beverage makers, water purifiers, chimneys, air conditioners and geysersAt our online store, your favourite products are manufactured by reliable brands like Woodsworth, Mintwud, Casacraft, Mudramark, Bohemiana, Tupperware, Forzza, Prestige, Morphy Richards, Fos Lighting, Housefull, Bombay Dyeing, Little India, King Koil, Bajaj, Stellar, Swayam, Hawkins and other premium brands. Download the Pepperfry android app on Google play store and enter into the world of awesome home décor and furniture items on-the-go on your handheld devices.