Elanic is a new and fun way to buy and sell fashion. It enables you to sell preloved items from your closet and make easy money. At the same time, you can shop for amazing brands at unbelievable discounts from the closets of women all over the country.At Elanic, we promise a hassle-free shopping experience. From packaging and shipping of the item to handling payments and returns, we take care of everything.With Elanic you can:Sell - Selling is easy! Just click, upload and sell. Creating a listing takes less than a minute. Buy - Shop for brands from all over the world at 50-80% mark down prices on Elanic.Discover – Find your style mates from across the county. Like listings and follow women whose closets you&#39;d like to shop from to see amazing items in your newsfeed! Explore – Go through closets and our featured collections to shop for pre-owned clothes, shoes and accessories at unbelievable prices. App features:Order branded products at unbelievable pricesFlaunt your closet to the world -  Upload the best from your closet and show off your fashion picks to the Elanic community.View detailed product information - checkout size, price, purchase price, and brand informationExplore the featured products curated by the Elanic teamLike, comment and follow items from your stylemate&#39;s closet.Get notified of activity on your listingsManage your listing by adding photos and updating descriptionTrack your orders as they are fulfilled. Limited period offers for sellers:Listing on Elanic is free. Just upload photos of your preloaded items and they will be ready to sell. Shipping is on Us! For a fixed period of time, we take care of shipping as well! Exciting offers for buyers:Browse through amazing items and buy stuff you like straight from your newsfeed. Shop for clothing, footwear and accessories without burning a hole in your pocket. Shop from our featured collection for amazing deals on shoes, apparel and more! Don’t worry about buying on our platform. Every product passes through our fashion experts before being shipped. Learn more about us and sign up: http://www.elanic.inVisit our blog for fun, fashion and more: http://www.elanic.in/blogLike us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Elanic.inFollow us on Instagram: https://instagram.com/Elanic.in