Make anything happen with a simple message with MagicX – Artificial Intelligence powered Chat from MagicTiger.Install MagicX, choose from one of the categories, send us a text message and we will get it done in a jiffy – faster than anyone else.FAST MOBILE PHONE RECHARGEFAST BILL PAYMENTFAST GROCERY ORDERINGFASTER EXPERIENCESWe know you want things done fast and MagicX is here to do that!Notice the wand and the lightening sign in our logo? *wink*(You can call us Wizards)MagicX can make anything happen. Literally: Personal assistance with grocery shopping. Recharge your phones, pay postpaid bills. Pay utility bills like electricity, DTH, landline, gas and  insurance. Order prescription medicines with Zigy and MagicX. Delivered at your doorstep!Try it. We assure you get what you want done.Why MagicX is better than a regular personal assistant? Is on-demand  Responds within seconds. (Our guarantee) Never quits, gets sick, or goes on vacation. Really. Try it. No complains about workload or task difficulty. Never. Ever. Remembers ALL your requests and sends reminders whenever needed.All your worries are going to be solved by our Super Chat Hero – MAX!Q: What kinds of things can I use MagicX for?Ordering groceries, paying phone and other utility bills, recharging your prepaid number, booking events. As long as it’s legal. :DQ: How quickly will I get what I want after requesting it?Within seconds. That’s what Max is for.Q: How much does it cost?You pay for the service you use.Q: What about the purchases that I make through MagicX?No paying extra for the purchases. In fact we will make sure you get the best deals and prices for what you purchase. Q: How do I know how much time I am being billed for?You will only be billed for what service you use or for what you purchase. Upon request, you can put time limits on tasks and receive alerts when certain amounts of time have been used. We told you we are here to make life very simple, right?Q: Where is MagicX available?Pan India Q: Do you use AI to fulfill my requests?Yep. AI + our geeks will be working on your requests making sure you’re never disappointed. Ever.