Say hello to Grofers, your online grocery shopping app! From groceries to fresh fruits &amp; vegetables, cosmetics, baby care products, mobiles &amp; accessories, electronics, cakes and other bakery items, we get it all delivered at your doorstep within hours. Select stores from your neighbourhood and choose from thousands of products on our easy-to-use mobile application. Enjoy convenient and hassle-free shopping!You no longer have to worry about who delivers to you or if there is any minimum value on the order.The application provides easy payment options to choose from - NetBanking, Debit/Credit card, Cash on Delivery (COD) or Mobile Wallet (Paytm, MobiKwik, PayUmoney and Citrus). It also allows you to schedule the time of delivery, as per your convenience.Now you can get milk, eggs, bread, cooking oil, ghee, aata, spices, chocolates, chips, biscuits, Maggi, cold drinks, shampoos, soaps, body wash, from all your favourite brands including Patanjali, Nestle, Amul, Mother Dairy, Pepsi, Colgate, Aashirvaad, Saffola, Dabur, Freshbury delivered at your doorstep within hours. Also, buy fresh fruits and vegetables from &#39;Freshbury&#39;, sourced straight from the farms and delivered to you in germ-free packaging. “GROFERS” is owned &amp; managed by ‘Grofers India Private Limited’ and is not related, linked or interconnected in whatsoever manner or nature, to “GROFFR.COM”, a real estate services business operated by ‘Redstone Consultancy Services Private Limited’.App Features:• Browse Stores: Choose from multiple stores to order from and get quick deliveries.• Easy search options: Search stores by the location where you want to get the delivery.• Large variety of products: View the list of items in each store and search from thousands of products. We update this list daily to ensure no items are out of stock.• Store price guarantee: Do not pay anything more than what the store charges. In case of any extra charge, we will refund the difference from the store price at the time of delivery.• 100% return and exchange policy: Not happy with the product? Return it at the time of delivery, no questions asked.• Scheduled deliveries: Get your order home delivered at the time of your choice.• Multiple Payment Options: Pay with card, net banking, wallet (Paytm, MobiKwik, PayUmoney and Citrus) or choose to pay in cash at the time of delivery.• Grofers Cash: Get instant refunds through Grofers Cash. Use it for your next purchase or transfer it back to the original payment source.• In-app Support: Help is just a click away. Now get instant support on the status of your order, or any issues related to payments and refunds.We are now available in 17 cities: Agra, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chandigarh, Chennai, Delhi NCR, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kanpur, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, Nagpur, Pune, Surat and Vadodara.So, what are you waiting for? Just Grofer it! Download your favourite on-demand shopping application and get started.Suggestions are always welcome. Drop us a line at info@grofers.com.