91mobiles is India’s best price comparison shopping app for mobile phones and gadgets. You can find the best mobile phones, laptops, tablets recommended by our gadget gurus, compare prices and product specs, and get the best deals from various online shopping sites like Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal, eBay, PayTM, Shopclues, etc.  91mobiles helps you decide which gadget to buy, and where to buy it from. Here’s what all you can do with the 91mobiles app:•   Chat with Gadget Experts-   Chat with real experts and get their helpful advice, recommendations and any on-demand assistance on smartphones, laptops, tablets, etc..•   Smart Search – Find the most suitable gadgets for your needs-   With 91mobiles’ phone finder, tablet finder, and laptop finder, you can input your requirements, and find the gadget most suitable for your needs, whether it is a budget Android phone, a high end Apple iPhone or a Samsung phone. Get a list of most recommended gadgets judged by the 91mobiles team of experts. -   The ‘91score’ is a score out of 100 given to each device, that helps you find the best device among the many options. •   Find mobile price lists of all brands-   Find mobile phones and gadgets, along with their prices, from all major brands like Samsung, Micromax, Sony, Karbonn, HTC, Asus, Gionee, Lenovo, Huawei, Intex, Lava, Motorola, and LG as well as newer brands like Xiaomi, Infocus, Vivo, and OnePlus•   Compare Mobiles, Laptops, Tablets &amp; more:-   Price Comparison - 91mobiles’ price comparison engine gives you the ability to compare prices for mobiles, tablets, laptops, televisions, cameras &amp; power banks along with information on COD and EMI offers. Price listing is available for all major online shopping apps and stores such as Flipkart, Snapdeal, Paytm, eBay, Shopclues, Amazon. -   Feature &amp; Spec Comparison - Make a smart choice with the help of 91mobiles’ compare tool. Get in-depth comparison of gadgets in terms of specs, features and reviews.•   Get detailed Product Specs, Pictures &amp; Videos-   View detailed specs along with box contents, hi-res pictures, 360 degree shots and videos of popular mobiles. Get in-depth information on products from various categories such as mobiles, tablets, laptops, etc.•   Product launch &amp; Price Drop Alerts-   Get instant alerts for new launches, latest news and hottest deals with on-the-go notifications. Select your favourite products and get immediate price drop alerts.•   Latest mobile phone news &amp; reviews – by experts and users-   Learn more about the products you wish to buy with in-depth reviews and analysis written by 91mobiles experts, and users. Read about of the latest gadget news, weekly round ups of apps and exclusive deals of week. •   Most content-rich app-   Other apps in the category like junglee, mysmartprice, and smartprix also help find products and compare prices. However 91mobiles app, in addition, also gives detailed information about each device, including an expert review, video review, device UI screenshots, and similar information.If any feature is bothering you or you want to us to add something new, feel free to share feedback at care@91mobiles.com and we will incorporate it in our forthcoming release cycles. 91mobiles - Research. Compare. Buy.