Convenience is just a tap away: Shop online on the Amazon Now app to get grocery &amp; other daily essentials delivered to your doorstep within 2 hours. Now you don’t need to carry heavy grocery shopping bags around! Daily essentials delivered on your schedule: Get FREE 2 hour Express Delivery. There is no minimum order amount to worry about. With Amazon’s fast &amp; reliable delivery, you know your grocery will reach you on time! You can also choose to get scheduled delivery in any 2 hour slot between 10 am &amp; 10 pm, on the same or the next day.Save big every day: Get exclusive deals on the best products. As part of our launch promotions you can get cashbacks on your 1st order! This is in addition to all the fabulous discounts that our sellers have on offer everyday.Your one stop online grocery shopYour favorite neighborhood grocery shops are now selling online on the Amazon Now app. Why visit multiple stores to get all the items in your grocery list when you can relax at home &amp; shop online using Amazon Now!Some of the stores available for online grocery shopping on the app-  • Big Bazaar  • Spar Hypermarket  • Godrej Nature&#39;s Basket  • Reliance Fresh  • BPCL In &amp; Out  • Food World  • Good Food  • Kirana Now  All the products you want With the Amazon Now online grocery shopping app, you get thousands of cooking essentials, personal care essentials, snacks &amp; beverages, easy meals &amp; mixes, chocolates, pastas &amp; noodles, household supplies, healthcare essentials, baby care, make-up, beauty &amp; gourmet products, delivered to you within 2 hours!We have a wide selection of all the brands you love to shop for, including products from Patanjali, Nestle Maggi, Surf Excel, Haldiram, Dove, Aashirvaad, Golden Harvest, Nandini, Kelloggs, Brittannia, MTR &amp; many more. So however unique your grocery list might be there is a good chance you will find your favorite brand of Dal, Oil, Biscuits, Milk, Oil etc. while shopping online on Amazon Now.Easy returns &amp; refunds  All of this is backed with the peace of mind that comes from Amazon’s trusted return policy. At the time of delivery you can reject items that are no longer wanted or not as expected. You can also claim a full refund on expired or defective products at any time within 10 days of delivery.  Reviews by some of our happy customers: Great service, prompt delivery in awesome eco friendly bags by polite delivery boys. Keep it going. – Derrick I am really allergic to stand in queues for billing and huge crowd during weekends for buying home essentials in shopping malls. This is really a good initiative by amazon- The masters of consumer service. – Arshad I liked the fact that they are delivering within 2 hours, saving me grocery store visits. Definitely a life saver when you realise that the pantry is empty at end of the day. – Aashi Important Note:The Amazon Now Grocery Shopping app is currently available in select pin codes across Bangalore.