Tap and shop latest trends of the season in one go!Carry your stylist every time everywhere!Voylla app showcases more than 10,000 variety of hot selling and latest fashion trends of the season.Find out all styles of jewelry from celebrity favorites to the latest runway trends here on your fashion guide.Deck yourself from head to toe with fashion forward jewelry and accessories by spending few fun seconds on the app.Voylla app gives you all information categorically in few steps of fashion tour.Using app you can shop more than 20 different categories of Earrings, Necklaces, Necklace sets, Rings, Toe rings, bracelets, bangles, kada,maangtikka, mangtikka sets, kamarband, nosepins, anklets, studs &amp; many more in different styles from traditional ,fashion , modern, and chunky jewelry. Jewelry in each category  be it boutique line, contemporary, traditional, chunky, gemstone, silver ,gold etc  Voylla app has countless options in every style  possible to make you look like a diva and feel like a star.For  Fashion forward women : In the app you get earrings, necklaces, necklace sets, rings, toe rings,bracelets,bangles,maangtikka,mangtikka sets,kamarband,nosepins,anklets,mangalsutra,chains,studs in latest styles and trends with huge variety of classics, contemporary  &amp; traditional jewelry options.For Sauvé Men :Kadas,studs, rings,braceletes,leather bracelets,chains,broaches,tie pins,key chains and a lot more.App features whole collection based on the upcoming and latest men&#39;s jewelry trends from Bollywood to Hoyllwood, from street styles to runways.For Stylishly cute Kids :  For small naughty demons in your house Voylla app is featuring wide range of jewelry like black bead bracelets,little charm chains,cute small earrings and many more lovely adornments to add fun in your little one&#39;s life.Voylla app  features special &quot;KANGANA&#39;S LINE&quot; comprising of designer jewelry ,specially handpicked by our brand ambassador  KanganaRanautmade of uncut stones emphasizing  the natural beauty of the stone and make you stand apart from the crowd. This line brings you contemporary fashion forward jewelry straight from the top fashion runways &amp; forecast of the fashion world.Special features of VOYLLA APP:1. STYLE TIPS by KanganaRanaut : &quot;Queen of bollywood&quot; or say &quot;the biggest fashion diva celebrity&quot;  is here to give you free tips on your style/fashion queries.TheFashionista will save you from all the fashion blunders and brings you joys of hearing best compliments.2. Match the dress : In hurry? Have a party tonight? Or not able to find out perfect jewelry match for your dress? Just one click on the special feature &amp; get rid of every confusions and misleading.Just upload your picture and your app stylist will find you a best match for the outfit.3. &quot;WOW DISCOUNTS&quot;: SALE! SALE! SALE! No need to wait for season ending &amp; festive sales now, just shop from the app and grab special discounts.Add your Voylla coupon code directly in the app. Also, get notifications on best deals and offers.4.&quot;SAVE TIME&quot; : Voylla app will save you lots of time, Just filter the selection according to the given options like Price, color,size,discount,popularity,top selling,new arrivals etc5. SHARE &amp;SHOP : Share your choice with your friends &amp; family to get suggestions and opinions on twitter, Facebook,Instagram&amp;Watsappetc and have a satisfactory shopping experience.6. Fast and Secure Checkout: Pay by cash-on-delivery, net-banking, or credit and debit cards options. 7. Wishlist: save your choices in the wish list and buy them whenever you want.8. Product Detailing: Get all kinds of specifications details of each product with style note by fashion editors.DOWNLOAD VOYLLA APP AND STAY &quot;ALWAYS BEAUTIFUL&quot;.