This is a lightweight yet multi-functional weather clock widget. This clock weather widget is supported by Amber Weather for you to easily stay updated with the latest weather conditions all the time. What&#39;s more, your home screen will be anything but boring! Download your personal weather channel and weather station right now!NOTICE:THIS IS A PAID WIDGET THEME FOR Amber Weather. You need to install Amber Weather Version 0.8 or above to use this weather &amp; clock widget.It&#39;s FREE TO DOWNLOAD BUT NEEDS PAYMENT WHEN APPLY! We make it Free to download since Themes need Purchase in app not in Play Store.Amber Weather is a simple and clean weather application with elegant operation-interface. Amber Weather is designed to provide users worldwide with an easy-to-use weather forecast application. Also, it&#39;s a free app with no advertisement.What sets the widget apart?-Clean and simplifiedThe neat design can decorate your home screen but not in an intrusive way.-Multi-functional	Ability to be informed of the latest weather conditions 	Basic weather information ( climate conditions, temperature, general weather conditions of the day) is shown on the weather &amp; clock widget 	Ability to get detailed weather conditions by tapping the weather &amp; clock widget. From there, a detailed weather report is available, including hourly weather conditions (current temperature, wind speed and direction, humidity, visibility, atmospheric pressure, dew point and UV index), sunrise and sunset time of a certain location and weather forecast (hourly forecast, 7 day forecast).	Ability to get know weather all around the world (world weather feature):Johannesburg, Seattle, Venice,  Jerusalem, London, Birmingham, Manchester, Glasgow, Liverpool, Edinburgh, Cambridge, Oxford, Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Houston, Washington, Boston, Las Vegas, Hawaii.	World clock to keep your time in sync with local time.-Highly customizable 	The weather &amp; clock widget comes with customizable time (12 hour or 24 hour) and font size.	Ability to choose Celsius or Fahrenheit.	Ability to change locations.	Ability to set your preferred update interval:15 minutes, 30 minutes, 1 hour, 3 hours, 6 hours, 12 hours or 1 day. Users can also manually update the current weather conditions.	Ability to choose your preferred fancy weather icon from Amber Weather-Lightweight and battery-saving	The weather &amp; clock widget will not drain the battery of your phone or occupy much of the internal storage.-Quick Action:	With a simple click in different areas of any clock weather widget, users can conduct a series of operations: updating weather conditions, setting clock, calendar, location, skin and widget, reading detailed weather report.Note:If you have difficulty applying the clock weather widget to your home screen, please watch the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5nXvM_6QR4. If the clock in the weather clock widget stops working, please check whether you have turned on the service guard. What&#39;s more, apps like Task Killer, Service Manager, Battery Saver, Clean Master orGame Booster may prevent the clock weather widget from working properly. Please add our app to the White/ Ignore List to keep widgets in sync. In this method doesn&#39;t work, please email us: support@infolife.mobi