Make confident decisions based on the most accurate, reliable forecast available.KNOW THE WEATHER ANYWHERE, RIGHT NOW •  Dynamic Home Screen: Changes based on your current location, weather, and time of day, so you get your current conditions plus the weather info you need most. •  Forecasts: Hourly, 15‐day and weekend forecasts in metric, imperial or hybrid units of measure. •  Current Weather Conditions: More than temperatures, get “feels like” weather, humidity, dew point, sunrise, sunset, wind speed, UV index, visibility and barometric pressure. •  Weather Maps: Fast‐loading radar maps show past and future radar. Map layers show road or satellite views, water temperature, wind speeds, snow cover, and more.PERSONALISED REAL‐TIME WEATHER ALERTS •  Severe Weather Alerts: Severe Weather Alerts: Stay safe with Met Office notifications of severe weather, and know the moment severe storm watches and warnings are issued. •  Rain Alerts: Never get caught in the rain again with real‐time alerts for your GPS location and morning rain reports for your favourite locations. •  Pollen Alerts: Know the pollen counts near you.It’s easy and free! DIVE DEEP INTO YOUR WEATHER •  Social Weather: Take pictures and share the amazing weather you experience, plus report it directly to us. Your reports help others track approaching weather. •  24/7 Remote Temps: Populate your notification bar with the current temperatures of your favourite locations worldwide. •  Weather Widgets: We have widgets available in 1x1, 2x2, 1x4 and 4x4. You’re welcome.•  Weather Videos: Weather forecasts, climate change news and everything in between, all streamed in HD. Now, with picture in picture! •  Sleek Interface: Easy to use and beautiful in its simplicity. •  Stunning Imagery: Amazing background photos match your current weather conditions. •  Love For Android Tablets: The best weather app and widgets are optimised for Android Tablets.FEEDBACK:We’re always looking to improve our app and appreciate your feedback. So please rate, review, and +1 us in the Google Play Store. If you have suggestions, submit them to international@weather.comPRIVACY:You may be interested in our Privacy Policy, which can be found here: http://www.weather.com/en‐GB/privacy.html and our Terms of Use, which can be found here: http://www.weather.com/en‐GB/legal.html