Have you ever wanted to have a perfect combination of a “digital clock” which displays accurate time and date and a “weather widget” which provides you with all the weather info you need? You&#39;re at the right place! We have created an amazing weather and clock widget which will take all your worries away! Download ♥ Digital Clock Weather Widget ♥ and get something special for your Android device!♥ Digital Clock Weather Widget ♥ offers you:10 digital clocks, 5 unlocked and 5 locked.Every day new digital clock is available.Put wonderful clock widget on your home screen.Top widget clocks of different sizes and shapes.World weather and local weather widget.Auto-detection of your current location.Find out about the temperature, humidity, pressure, cloudiness, and wind speed.Sunrise and sunset times.Easy to use for adults and children.♥ Digital Clock Weather Widget ♥ contains ten digital clocks which will beautify your phone in the cutest manner possible. Make your phone screen look fabulous with this collection of “best widgets” for Android. If you like to customize your phone screen with live wallpapers, this is a fancy widget that is designed in such a way that it will perfectly match any wallpaper background you choose. Decorate your phone screen with digital time and date clock and be proud of having the best-looking home screen. Download this digital clock widget today and recommend it to all your friends.If you never carry your umbrella with you! If you always forget to bring your sunglasses! If you want to know what to wear before leaving your home! ♥ Digital Clock Weather Widget ♥ is a must-have “weather app” for your phone. This unique weather widget will inform you about the latest “weather forecast” every single day, so you will no longer have to worry about the weather. Never again will you be surprised by a sudden rain or an extremely hot day. If you use this weather clock app, you will always be informed about the latest weather conditions in your country or worldwide. Choose among different widget skins and beautify your phone screen like never before! Let every day of your life be the best day, no matter the weather outside. If you want to be informed about accurate date and time, download this minimalist weather and clock widget 4x1 and never be late for an important meeting again. Never again will you have to watch the weather channel with this accurate weather widget. This elegant clock with the addition of weather forecast will keep you up-to-date with the weather temperature, humidity, pressure, wind speed, cloudiness, sunrise and sunset times. Clocks that show weather temperature are currently very popular, so hurry up, download this “time and date widget” and explore all the amazing options that it offers. ♥ First, you have to ADD the “clock widget” to your home screen!♥ Depending on your device, you should scroll down to MENU and press the ADD button, or long press on the empty space on your screen until the pop-up window tagged ADD TO HOME SCREEN comes out.♥ You might need to find the + button, or the option WIDGET to add the  clock to your screen.♥ Digital Clock Weather Widget ♥ - for users of all generations! This digital clock widget with accurate weather forecast is created in such a way that even kids can use it. All you need to do is choose your current location (city/country), temperature (C/K/F), and your favorite weather widget pattern. Both the time and the weather conditions are 100% accurate.