Whatever your plans, and wherever you are, you stay one step ahead with the new Weather &amp; Radar App. Rainfall radar map every 5 minutes for Europe.&quot;Great app. BBC WEATHER &amp; MET OFFICE eat your heart out. This is what is wanted for a WEATHER app.&quot;Weather &amp; Radar gives forecasts for any location, as well as radar images showing rain, cloud, thunderstorms and temperatures. All the weather information at a glance. Fast, clear and free of charge. Weather &amp; Radar accurately depicts the current weather and the emerging pattern. Latest hourly weather forecast for the UK and Ireland. Includes hour by hour forecasts and 8 day forecast for India, South Africa, Nigeria and a detailed world view.Live Rainfall Radar - updated every 5 minutes.Will it rain today? Real time weather and radar. Severe Weather Warnings. See the latest enhanced weather map including areas of cloud cover, rainfall, snowfall, thunderstorms and lightning strikes. Realtime snow radar. Zoomable Radar - Updated every 5 Minutes. FEATURES:• Current weather in any location• Hour-by-hour weather forecasts• 8 -day weather forecasts• Precipitation: probability, quantity and duration• Wind strength, direction and gusts• Hours of sunshine• Weather radar for any location: rainfall radar plus cloud, thunderstorms, snow and temperatures• Radar forecasts • Worldwide location finder• Favourites list• Capture and share photos with weather information• Weather widgetsAs soon as it is launched, the app shows the current weather in your location together with a radar image and weather forecast. You can immediately see whether it is raining, stormy or sunny outside. Swiping the screen displays the weather forecast for the hours and days ahead. Thanks to the user-friendly search function, you can easily find any location worldwide and add it to your Favourites (My Locations). This feature shows you the weather in multiple locations at a glance. Clicking on the radar image enlarges it to fill the screen. A direct link enables you to share all the information in the app via Facebook and other social networks. Playing the loop shows you where cloud and rain is headed, where the sun is shining, and where storms are active.From within the app, you can activate the Premium features for Europe to take advantage of the following benefits: • No advertising• High-resolution radar data• Zoom the radar image to see greater detail• Radar data update every 5 minutes• Access to Premium on 5 devicesThe Premium features can be purchased for one month or one year. This is not a subscription service.WetterOnline is the exclusive developer of the app. Please send any questions or comments to info@weatherandradar.com.