The new Weather Underground Android app provides the world&#39;s most accurate hyper-local weather forecasts in addition to interactive radar, satellite maps and severe weather alerts. Powered by our unique community of weather enthusiasts reporting live data from weather stations in their own backyards, this crowd-sourced data generates forecasts targeted to your precise location. What’s New in Version 5.1.2?●We’ve remodeled the app like we inherited our grandmother’s house. Don’t worry, we kept the treasured heirlooms, but we threw out the corduroy sofa from 1953. Welcome to the future of Weather Underground on Android.●Off to the left, you’ll find your navigation drawer, which is like your grandfather’s map collection but you’ll actually want to use it. Open the drawer to switch quickly between locations, manage and nickname your favorites, and look wistfully at the weather in the Bahamas.●You used to be limited to one weather station per city. That was dumb. Now you can view and favorite any of our 180,000+ weather stations across the globe using the “Refine” map.We’ve added a new Hurricane tile, because not all weather is nice. Track the weather that’s huffing and puffing before it blows your house down.●There’s a new ad. It’s rectangular, doesn’t bite, and speaks more than a dozen different languages. We’d tap that.●Now optimized for tablets... but it’s not about the size.●Design updates a-go-go. You wanted Material Design? BAM. You wanted improved legibility? BOOM. You wanted to scroll all the way through the forecast without stopping for food or gas? YOU GOT IT.FEATURES●Status notification: instantly view current temperature and conditions ●Current conditions from your local weather station include temperature, feels like temperatures, wind speed &amp; direction, humidity, dew point, visibility●10-day Forecasts (Daily, Hourly) + text summary●Interactive Map showing all the personal weather stations in your neighborhood with animated radar, satellite, and much more data●List view of saved Favorite Locations and Recent Searches●Crowd reporting ●Choose Light or Dark mode●Switch between Forecast on Demand &amp; NWS Forecast●National Weather Service Radio●Health Tile: Monitor air quality, UV risk, &amp; local flu outbreaks●Customizable Widgets●Push notifications:  Keep an eye out for extreme weather with severe weather alerts (Polygonal based alerting)●Snow and Winter Sport reports ●Purchase ad free subscriptions for $1.99 per yearWHAT MAKES THIS WEATHER APP DIFFERENT FROM OTHER APPS?WE FILL IN THE GAPSOur 180,000+ personal weather stations report the most localized weather conditions. The data that we collect from our user-owned weather stations fills in the gaps between the airport weather stations that other weather services rely upon to generate forecasts - meaning our data is generated from actual data points in your neighborhood.INTERACTIVE WEATHER &amp; RADAR MAPThe most interactive weather map (WunderMap) on mobile allows you to select from different weather overlays including current conditions, animated radar, satellite, webcams and severe weather. Customize the map by selecting specific data layers or choose from the various map presets such as severe alerts, fire risk, active fires, hurricane and webcams.CROWD REPORTINGSky reports let you tell us if the sky conditions we’re reporting are what you&#39;re actually observing. If you see something different you can report the conditions you&#39;re experiencing for the benefit of other app users. Hazard reports allow you to report any hazardous road conditions you experience to help other people in your area.ABOUT WEATHER UNDERGROUNDFounded in 1995 as the first online weather service, Weather Underground supplies weather data solutions to the many of the leading media companies and millions of users across the globe through their mobile apps and website wunderground.com. Weather Underground is part of the Weather Company and based in San Francisco, CA.