What’s New?1. ‘Zero-Touch Scorecard’ Widget that can be positioned ANYWHERE on EVERY SCREEN, updates you with latest score of a live match2. Lightweight animation on your screen when a boundary is scored or a wicket falls3. Latest news on IPL 20154. Ball-by-Ball CommentaryApp Description:-----------------------This IPL season, Divum brings to you ‘Cricket Live Scores – IPL Edition’, the most unique, lightweight app that changes the way you follow cricket. With Cricket Live App, getting real-time cricket scores is as simple as checking the time on your mobile. Cricket Live is extremely lightweight and helps you catch the excitement of a live match with minimal BATTERY CONSUMPTION and DATA USAGE. Now, follow every IPL match from start to end on your mobile without affecting your productivity. Cricket Live application comes with a first-of-its-kind ‘Zero-Touch Scorecard’ widget that can be conveniently placed ANYWHERE on EVERY SCREEN of your mobile.  Cricket Live is not just a scoreboard ticker. Opening the Cricket Live application gives you Match Summary, IPL Schedule, IPL Points Table and Ball-by-Ball commentary from experts. Cricket Live’s comprehensive features bring to you, almost every information that you need to know. Cricket Live is simple, neat, informative and convenient. With its unique features, having Cricket Live make sure that you will never have to miss a ball again in this IPL 2015.Top Features:-------------------Floating Live Scores Widget – Neat widget that pops up with every IPL 2015 Cricket match. Live Scores widget can be placed anywhere on your mobile screen. It appears on EVERY SCREEN while you work on other applications.  Match Summary – Click on the Live Scores widget to get a simple match summary with Live Scores of both the teams, overs in progress.Interactive Animation – Every time a boundary is scored or a wicket falls, Cricket Live’s lightweight animation flashes on the screen for your notice.Ball-by-Ball commentary – Real-time ball-by-ball text commentary from experts Latest Cricket News – Cricket Live links you to latest news on Indian Premium League 2015 from popular sites