The official ESPNcricinfo cricket app is the only app that you would need to keep yourself updated with the latest scores, breaking-stories, player statistics, records, rankings, exclusive content from the best writers, audio, video and much more – this is just the perfect personal Cricket companion.  What more could any sports fan ask for? We have developed this app keeping fans like you in mind. The full feature list includes:- Instant scores and updates on all the cricketing action from around the world with ball by ball commentary and full match coverage including news, videos, photos among others.- Breaking news and analysis across hundreds of leagues and teams.  - Add and remove favorite teams quickly and easily for a customized experience. - Love reading about cricket? Read from the finest writers in the game in our Features and Blogs. - Enriched matches section to easily access results and fixtures by month, team, series and type. - All the alert options you need: never miss another wicket, milestone, game start/end or tidbit of breaking news.- Watch and listen to the latest ESPNcricinfo video and audio podcasts.- Engaging content including snippets, stands among others.- Compare player statistics and view player profile across teams.- Ability to add content to favourites in the app.- Adding fixtures to calendar to be reminded of that match you were looking forward to.- Share content with friends.Many more interesting features to keep you hooked to the game of cricket. We wouldn&#39;t want to spoil the surprise. Discover them yourself.Visit our website http://www.espncricinfo.com and follow us at @ESPNcricinfo on Twitter and like us at http://www.facebook.com/Cricinfo for the latest updates. Our goal is your satisfaction and we make every effort to offer the best experience. We would also love to hear from you. For thoughts, problems or even praise, write to us at feedback_mobileapps@espn.com or use the feedback section inside the app.Before you download this app, please consider that it includes advertising, some of which may be targeted to your interests. You may choose to control targeted advertising within mobile applications by using your mobile device settings (for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads).