NewsDog is the SMALLEST news APP that keeps you informed in a most efficient way. It collects news from Indian Express, India Today, The Quint, News Track Live and thousands of national and local sources, and presents to you the most interesting/relevant ones. Whether it’s Bollywood gossip, cricket live news, entrepreneur stories, political views or the Narendra Modi government’s latest policies - Everything you need is right here! You will be updated with breaking news and headlines on politics, society, business, technology, cricket, Bollywood, and more for India and the World. Power-packed features - OFFLINE READING - No Internet? NewsDog got you covered. Download your favorite stories and save on your mobile data.- PERSONALIZED - NewsDog can analyze your preferences from your browsing habits, and selects the most relevant and interesting top news for you from millions of daily news. The more you use NewsDog, the better it will get to know you and serve you.- HINDI VERSION - Your favorite news app now also in Hindi!- हिंदी संस्करण - आपका पसंदीदा न्यूज़ ऐप अब हिन्दी में भी!- SOURCES - Indian Express, India Today, The Quint, New Track Live, Business Insider, … NewsDog gathers news daily from thousands of newspapers, media houses and websites.- REALTIME - NewsDog covers English news and event updates 24/7 with zero delay. It delivers the latest information to you in a split second.- CRICKET -IPL live 2016.- LOCAL NEWS - Find local news covered in your area. Just select your city and VOILA.- RASHI - Love, money and success. Check what your daily stars say about your day.- HOT! - Celebrity pictures from around the world.- UNLIMITED VIDEOS - Keep scrolling for endless funny videos. There is never a boring moment with NewsDog.- INSTANT SHARING - Share news with your friends on Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter in just one tap.- BOOKMARK - No time to read the article now? Bookmark news articles and read them later.- NIGHT MODE - Awesome reading experience at night.- SEARCH ENGINE - Search and reach your favorite news articles instantly.- COMMENTS SECTION - Your opinion matters! Let your voice be heard.- COMPREHENSIVE - Various categories such as sports, entertainment, auto, education, business, lifestyle, technology, health, local, politics, world and more. You won’t run short of things to read.With all the features, reading with NewsDog is fun and addictive! Download NewsDog today and stay updated with the latest news around you! For questions and suggestions, please contact us at support@hinterstellar.com or Whatsapp(+8618519851709) for faster support.