 Way2 (Formerly Way2SMS), the best news app for summarized, short news in 8 Local Indian Languages (Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Gujarati, Bengali) &amp; English, brings to you the ultimate news reading experience in magazine style format. Way2 app offers a range of stories from world news to India news and keeps you updated on the latest stories &amp; breaking news on the move. Way2 app also supports Free SMS sending service to any mobile network in India. Sending Free SMS is now made very easy with its smooth &amp; improved interface which delivers Free SMS in less than 10 seconds anywhere, anytime in India. Users can also schedule Free SMS for future delivery, making Way2 app, India’s premier destination for sending free SMS irrespective of the networks.We work hard continuously (24 x 7) to deliver best daily news / stories on politics, business, technology, sports, entertainment, anything and everything happening around the world. Users who are looking for trending stories, latest headlines, breaking news, current affairs, local news and top news stories can download the free Way2 app and keep themselves informed quickly within 2-3 minutes.Our professional editors read thousands of news articles from international &amp; national newspapers, magazines, websites, blogs and hand-pick top news / stories to present you crisp news in short within 400 characters in Local Indian Languages (Hindi news, Telugu news, Tamil news, Kannada news, Malayalam news, Marathi news, Gujarati new, Bengali news) &amp; English. Way2 app aggregates all the top news stories &amp; trending news headlines from reliable sources such as DNA, Reuters, Guardian, BBC news, PTI, Zee News etc. Users can tap the headlines to read full length articles from these sources.Way2 enables the users to assimilate all the major events happening across the world without spending too much time reading lengthy articles.  We help you in saving your time with our short news by covering current affairs, latest news, breaking news, sensational news, daily news headlines, trending news on international &amp; national politics, stock updates, automobile sector, movie reviews (Bollywood, Hollywood, regional films), sports (Tennis, Football, live scores in cricket, IPL updates, ICC world T20), music, videos on Elections, parliament and interesting scoops. Timely notifications for the most important news and breaking news every day to keep you informed. You can bookmark important articles and also share them with your friends &amp; family on Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, E-mail, SMS, reddit, pinterest and other supported social platforms. What Else: In short you can stop your daily news hunt now and download the free Way2 app instantly to save your time and stay updated on latest news in short and breaking news in short. Way2 app gives you the improved features of Way2SMS with its new UI &amp; UX.We’re always excited to hear from you! If you have any feedback, questions or concerns, please email us at: appsupport@way2online.net