Inshorts is a news app that selects latest and best news from multiple national and international sources and summarises them to present in a short and crisp 60 words or less format, personalized for you, in both, English or Hindi. All summarised stories contain only headlines and facts, no opinions, to help you stay informed with the current affairs. Whether it’s the latest government policies or shakeups in bollywood, we get them covered and delivered super fast! Get updated with the latest news and current affairs in a jiffy! Here’s what people say about Inshorts! •Google - Best apps of 2015!•ToI - Made for India to simplify your life!•Buzzfeed - Makes Indian student’s life easier!•Raghu Ram of Roadies fame - Love the app!•Jaaved Jaafery - Nice product, convenient and compactInshorts requires the below-mentioned permissions. However, your privacy is critical for the developers, and the app never uses photos, videos and other media files, make calls, send messages or save and/or distribute device information.Contacts: The app needs permission to access your contacts for the new one-tap sharing feature, TOSS, through which you’ll be able to share any short with Inshorts users in your contact list.Photos/Media Files: The app needs access to the device&#39;s storage to save the representational images, so that you have a good experience even without internet connectivity. This also helps the app to send the image along with the text, whenever you share a short on social media.Call/SMS: The app needs permission to access your SMS/call just to verify your contact number before you can start using TOSS. This has been done to reduce spamming as well.Device Information: The app needs the Device ID to identify and solve technical issues.Features:Introducing TOSS!  •TOSS lets you notify your friends of important, interesting articles, videos and news•Share a short with Inshorts users in your contact list by using the TOSS buttonNews Reader – Read Summaries of All Breaking News •Browse through bite-sized 60-word shorts to get updated on the latest news in a short time •TOSS a short to share it instantly with your friends in one touch!•Now, stories and shorts are also available in Hindi - Just tap to switch languages•Original story is just a tap away!My Feed – A feed of latest stories, videos and other content personalised only for you! •Inshorts intelligently learns your preferences as you browse, and displays stories personalised for you in ‘My Feed’News Categories - A vast variety in the same app •Inshorts curates all types of news and headlines from categories like India, politics, entertainment, business, technology, startups, world, sports and hatke – all in one placeNews is sourced from various categories and various sources, making sure that you always get the best news and storiesArticles are sourced from various publishers and news channels like Reuters, Indian Express, PTI, The Guardian, NYT, Outlook, TechCrunch, Sportskeeda and many moreInshorts is the fastest way for you to stay updated with current affairs to get ahead and prepare for competitive exams like UPSC, CAT, XAT and other central and state government job exams.      •Get limited daily notifications for the most important news and breaking news of the day      •Place our widget on your home screen to browse through headlinesShare News       •Share the most important stories in one touch with TOSS!       •Facebook, WhatsApp, Reddit, Hike, e-mail and other social platforms are also supportedIt doesn’t matter if you’re looking for Bollywood stories, BCCI news, science talk or political news - Inshorts brings all of the day’s news together in one beautifully simple, elegantly quick interface.Read in short, save your time and stay updated with Inshorts. Download today, and reinvent the way you read news. Support: contact@inshorts.comTerms of Use: http://www.inshorts.com/android/tnc