Dainik Bhaskar Group brings you the best most engaging news experience for your Android device in Gujarati. The official Divya Bhaskar app covers latest Gujarati news from all around the world giving you a complete up-to-date coverage on news anytime and anywhere. This app brings you unrivalled coverage of Gujarat and its major cities with a dedicated section for the Gujarati diaspora. The App also offers an exclusive section on life management and spirituality from a dedicated team out of Ujjain.Features:• Latest news stories with in-depth analysis• Extensive News Coverage from Gujarat and its diaspora• Astro and numerology updates• HD Photo gallery with vast collection of pictures• User-friendly Navigation• Post Comment and Share Articles• Exclusive Contests &amp; Campaigns   • Save articles to read later• Share articles, photos and videos via email and social media• App Available Free About Dainik Bhaskar Group:Dainik Bhaskar,  stands as an example of achieving perfection through determination. The newspaper highlights many positive values that have driven India, its growth and aspiration. It is depicted as a change agent through its campaign “Zid Karo Duniya Badlo”.With a readership of 1.97 crore the brand Bhaskar is today synonymous with success, quality, change dynamism and ethics in millions of households across India and the corporate world alike.  From a humble beginning of one Hindi Edition from Bhopal in 1958 the group today has grown to become India’s largest newspaper group.  The group has a strong presence in newspapers, radio, internet and printing. With its flagship Hindi daily newspaper Dainik Bhaskar, Divya Bhaskar, Divya Marathi and English Daily DNA, it covers 13 states, with 66 editions which include Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Delhi, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Uttarakhand, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and the Union Territory of Chandigarh.  In addition to these, it also publishes Business Bhaskar, DB star and Magazines like Aha! Zindagi, Balbhaskar, Young Bhaskar and Lakshay. The other media businesses includes MY FM ( Radio Channel) and IMCL (Internet services)