Gaao karaoke app: Unlimited songs and karaoke of Bollywood, Hindi &amp; English for free, just sing!Giveaway:Join Gaao now, sing duet karaoke songs, win Xiaomi smartphone! You can find all you want in Gaao, sing your favorite songs and karaoke and download the karaoke songs for free, record your voice with sound effects, comment on the recorded music, like the karaoke songs you love, share the songs you record on facebook, twitter and whatsapp, make your own radio wherever you are and whenever you want, make friends share the same interests who are music lovers like you!Gaao is previous iSing Karaoke app, new karaoke songs added everyday, include most popular songs. Gaao is a special version of ising karaoke app with unlimited Bollywood &amp; Hindi &amp; English karaoke songs, a fresh iSing karaoke app with brand new features just make karaoke singing so interesting! You can sing your favorite songs of popular stars like Jessie J, John Legend, Bruno Mars, arijit singh, shreya ghoshal. You can sing with Karaoke or sing in freestyle by&quot; sing without karaoke tracks&quot; or &quot; bina music ke gaana &quot;Features:1. Self-recording with video or music by professional voice enhancement technology and download your favorite karaoke songs for free, make your own radio!2. Unlimited playlists: Romantic Hits, Sad Songs, Rock Songs, Piano Songs, Regional musics. Popular stars like Jessie J, John Legend and Bruno Mars.3. Publish the songs and received comments and likes.4. Duet with Gaao stars and be the next one. Get fans and audience of your own.5. You can create free style music performances by recording a &quot;sing without karaoke tracks&quot; or &quot;bina music ke gaana&quot;What Gaao provides for you:1. Platform for all music lovers, make friends and get DISGAAOVERY!2. Unprecedent musical experience and brand new way to PLAY music!3. Most popular Indian, Bollywood, English songs, Regional musics and singers:    arijit singh, shreya ghoshal ,atif aslam, armaan malik, rahat fateh ali khan, alka yagnik, sonu nigam, ankit tiwari, sunidhi chauhan, himesh reshamiya, honey singh, and many more artist and Hindi songs available for you.    Songs of Bruno Mars, John Legend, Meghan Trainor, Ellie Goulding, Jessie J, Sam Smith...4. Sing with professional effects and be like a star with audio effects! SINGBrowse through an endless catalogue of karaokes by your favorite artists such as Arijit Singh, Atif Aslam, Alia Bhatt, Bombay Jayshree, Jessie J, Jason Derulo, and Linkin Park, Kylie Minogue, X Ambassadors, OMI, Carly Rae Jepsen, Charlie Puth, Silento and many more. RECORDOnce you’ve chosen a song, record your vocal track as you sing along to the lyrics, add some of our special voice effects like echo and reverb if you like. You can record yourself as many times as you like for a better performanceSHAREShare your performances with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, to get more fansDISCOVERCheck out the covers sung by people nearby in Gaao map and hangout with good singers in real life---Unlimited Free Karaoke songs---Free access to all karaokes by Hindi, Bollywood, English, artists like Arijit Singh, Atif Aslam, Alia Bhatt, Bombay Jayshree, Jessie J, and Linkin Park, Jason Derulo, Kylie Minogue, X Ambassadors, OMI, Carly Rae Jepsen, Charlie Puth, Silento and more. You can also sing in free style by downloading&quot; Sing without karaoke tracks&quot; or&quot; bina music ke gaana&quot;---Hot Hindi and Bollywood Karaoke Songs---Tum Hi Ho - Arijit SinghZara Zara - Bombay JayshreeJeena Jeena - Atif Aslammuskurane ki wajah - Arijit SinghMain Hoon Hero Tera - Salman Khansamjhawan unplugged - Alia BhattDheere Dheere - Honey SinghMohabbat Barsa dena - Arijit SinghMere Sapno Ki Raani - Kishore KumarHasi ban gaye female - Hamari Adhuri KahaniJust Sing!Request songs? Please feel free to contact us as follows:Email: support@gaao.inhttps://www.facebook.com/GaaoKaraoke/https://twitter.com/GaaoKaraokeOfficial ID in Gaao app: GaaoWhatsApp: +91 8375001993