LISTENit is a stunning &amp; tiny music player with intuitive interface for Android smartphones and tablets. Enjoy the best music experience in your Android device with best high quality sound. Browse and play songs on your device faster with this app.It will revolutionize your music listening experience with its intutive interface and lets you enjoy diverse local music seamlessly. Download LISTENit and immerse yourself in music! [LISTENit Music Player Key Features]★ Browse MusicBrowse all local music files in seconds from a variety of local sources: SD card folders, Gallery app, ID3 tags.★ My All MusicPlay all your music sorted by playlists, artists, albums and folders.★ FormatsSupport all the popular music file formats, such as MP3, MP4, MIDI, AAC, FLAC, OGG and more.★ PlaylistsCreate all your favourite music as LISTENit playlists together with your own mixes.★ Just immerse yourself in musicNever bothers while listening to music. Pop-up ads free.★ Support headset controlHelps to control music when you don&#39;t wanna pick up your phone.★Support Notification Status&quot;Play/Pause&quot;, &quot;Skip forward&quot; and &quot;Stop&quot; Controls. Display music title, artist and album artwork.★ Exquisite and intuitive interfaceLISTENit, enjoy it.FYI: Right now LISTENit can only play local music, which means it doesn’t support searching or downloading music online. And if we receive adequate positive feedback, we may consider cast magic on her and reshape a better LISTENit.[User Reviews]★ In contrast with common music players, LISTENit has ZERO advertisement, which makes it  really smooth to enjoy music with this app.★ What a stunningly pretty music player! The developers even replied me that custom skins would be available very soon! Fantastic! ★ The installation package is SOOOO space-saving that music can be played easily and smoothly through LISTENit on my mobile phone which has a very small memory.★ It is so great that LISTENit will match cool pictures to every piece of my music. Now I even couldn’t take my eyes off the player page!Now, get indulged in the Jazz, Blues, Pop, Country, Rock, R&amp;B, Hip-hop, Dance, Classical, Dance &amp; DJ musc… that u downloaded to your cell phone through LISTENit![Learn More About LISTENit]http://www.facebook.com/bestLISTENit