Listen to your favorite tracks on this all-in-one Music Player, Equalizer &amp; Bass Booster! Voted best app of the year 2014 by Google Play, Equalizer+ has more than 15 million downloads already! Come and take control of your sound!Equalizer+ has been given a new look for 2015! Improve your music listening experience easily thanks to a brand new interface, even more elegant and sober. Turn up the volume, listen to your favorite albums &amp; playlists and revamp your tracks with your music equalizer, a real music booster! The 3 in 1 music app: MP3 Player, Music Equalizer and Bass Booster.Equalizer+ is the most complete music player enabling you to adjust your sound tracks with a five-band equalizer and enjoy a powerful bass amplifier! Access your music library directly from the app. Play with audio filters to get the best out of your music. Amplify even more your bass sounds thanks to the Bass Booster option. Set the frequencies you like for your songs and save your settings as presets. You can also choose among a selection of presets, based on popular music genres.Equalizer Plus basically makes it possible for you to mix, edit and customize the sound of your tracks to ensure an optimal music listening experience.The best Music EQ Mixer is now available for your Android TV! You can finally enjoy your music equalizers, music &amp; volume booster and visualizers directly on your large screen! Equalizer+ takes the experience even further by connecting all your devices music content together - smartphones, tablets and TV - via wifi. Access all the music content wherever it’s located from any of your device! Local music sharing network: the more, the merrier! Enjoy true and instant music sharing moments via Equalizer+ app! Access your own music playlists and albums as well as those of your friends! You can stream each other’s music library. No download necessary, just local streaming. All of you just need to be connected to the same wifi network to seamlessly enlarge your music track list! Browse their music library endlessly to find new songs and maybe discover your new favorite jam! Undoubtedly, Equalizer+ is the new must-have to listen to your songs and playlists! Boost and improve your sound quality! You control the sound!General characteristics:- 5 bands equalizer (improve your songs quality from bass to treble)- Audio player (directly available in the app)- Unlimited access to your native music library (you can order your songs by album / songs / artist or playlists)- Compatible with Android TV - Local Music sharing network- Background play mode (to keep playing your songs while consulting other apps or while in stand-by mode)- Contextual Music search available by songs, album, artists and playlists- 10 equalizer presets based on music genres (acoustic, classical, dance, electro, flat, hip-hop, jazz, pop, R&amp;B, rock)- Visible music progress bar for an easy navigation within the songs you&#39;re listening to- &#39;Repeat&#39; function to keep listening to your songs over and over again (3-status button: repeat 1 song, repeat a whole playlist, no repetition)- &#39;Shuffle&#39; function to play your songs in a random order- Add to queue feature- Volume booster- Professional sound rendering- Simple and friendly user interfaceOptions that can be unlocked via direct purchase:- Get loud with BASS BOOSTER: to boost the volume of your bass like never before! (editable bass booster volume level)- VISUALIZER: watch your sound spectrum move. You can choose among a great choice of audio wave shapes.- Record your customized presets with SAVE option- DJ MODE: to ensure a smooth string of music- Edit and/or delete your presetsRediscover your music thanks to the new equalizer app! We recommend you to use the app with your headphones or speakers. Turn up the volume and enjoy a genuine music booster! 1GB RAM minimum recommendedContact: support@equalizerpl.usWebsite: http://equalizerpl.us/