Locate and Find My Friends is the premier friend locator app that helps you:•	Find your friends•	Locate your friends on a Map•	Let friends find you•	Chat with friends•	Get info -- on ETA, exact location, etc. •	Share news -- about a great new restaurant opening, store sale, etc.•	Get directionsLocate and Find My Friends is the premier friend locator app. Whether you’re shopping for a new outfit, camping in the great outdoors or enroute to best-ever party, Locate and Find My Friends GPS tracking data makes it easy to locate friends in real time.Real-time data is important!Consider two scenarios: Will your habitually late friend make it to the movie on time? Use Locate and Find My Friends to pinpoint his/her exact location and estimated arrival time, so you can plan accordingly. Is your directionally challenged friend lost (again)? Locate and Find My Friends is a lifesaver. It pinpoints your missing friend’s exact location and provides navigational help (i.e., directions) so you can guide them to their determined destination. It’s the friend finder and friend locator that works.Locate and Find My Friends includes a more diverse array of features and benefits than those found on Glympse, BBM or Mobile Number Tracker, for example. It’s also a great replacement for Google Latitude.Once installed on your phone, Locate and Find My Friends is the ideal friend locator app that helps you communicate, locate and stay connected with the people who matter most. Each friend will appear as their own personal icon on the app’s map, so you’ll know exactly where they are located in real time. With Find My Friends, you can sleep easy after a night out, knowing when each member of your posse arrives home safely.Helpful Friend LocatorLet’s face it: everyone has a friend who is constantly late, and/or frequently gets lost. Let Locate and Find My Friends be your friends tracker (and friendship saver) by telling you where your friend is located in real time, so you know what time they’ll arrive. It can also provide navigation assistance, so you can help friends who are lost.Efficient Group CommunicatorSave time and headaches, make Locate and Find My Friends your group outing planner. Here’s how: Say you’re going camping with a group of friends. Have them install Locate and Find My Friends on their mobile prior to the trip. Now you can all chat and coordinate trip details such as supplies/shopping list duties, suggested hiking trails, sights to see and meeting time/place, for example. With the prep work done in advance, you’ll enjoy the great outdoors more without having your nose buried in a guidebook or travel app. Since it’s a great friend tracker, Locate and Find My Friends also locates errant campers enroute to the meeting point and uses GPS tracking technology to estimate their arrival time. If a friend is lost, simply note the location of their icon on the app’s map and direct them to the meeting point. Post trip, use Locate and Find My Friends to make sure all arrived home and when you’re ready, to plan your next adventure!Friend Finder (and Friendship Saver!)Locate and Find My Friends works with iPhones, Androids, Blackberrys and even feature phones. Just send non-smart phone users an invite via text. Once they reply with a “yes” their icon will appear on the app’s map. Locate and Find My Friends uses cell phone tower triangulation to find friends and makes location tracking easy.Location Sharing Made EasyFind a great new restaurant? Is a favorite shop having a sale? This friend tracker app lets you share information and learn where your friends are shopping, dining or dancing.