★ What this GPS Phone locator app can do for you?You can find nearby places, Restaurants Near you, interesting places to visit near your location. It can be used as a safety app for yourself by sending emergency alerts to your family when in danger by shaking the phone few times without opening the phone or app. It will send your location details to your family members. It also has text message tracker using which you can find lost phone and also use locate via sms feature to track your family and friends.★ AroundMeFrom your current position you can find nearest Bank, Bar, Gas Station, Hospital, Hotel, Movie Theatre, Restaurant, Supermarket and Taxi stand. Ask the app Restaurants near me and you will get a list within 3KM radius. Or be specific like &quot;Places to Eat Near Me&quot; and voila, the best eating places list is at your disposal. Not just eating places you can find anything near you. Say if you want to know whats near me now it will show some cool results. Its the best GPS app to discover places around you.★ Safety if the most important for all today. You are worried about your children, spouse, parents and friends. If this app is installed on their mobile phones, you will know their current GPS location. Say you are a parent and worried about your teenage child. Install this GPS location finder on thier phone. You can Set two mobile phone numbers, which shall receive a text message when he/she is in danger. Both the parents can set their numbers.Your teenage child is alone in the sub-way and there are few other drunk people around him/her?In these cases she can immediately alert you by shaking her phone rigorously until it vibrates for one time. Vibration means a text message has been sent to two set numbers in her phone safety app. Parents will immediately receive an text message from her phone with a google map showing her location. Mobile phone location tracking gives you peace of mind. Important point to note here is to send this alert she need NOT open the lock screen of her phone, no need to go to the app and press the SOS button. This will waste critical time. She just has to shake/twist her mobile phone very fast for 5-6 times. ★ Find PhoneWe all misplace our things. It happens with everyone. So you have all the chances that you might misplace your phone in future. Well you need not worry if this GPS mobile tracker app is installed on your phone. mobile no trace out works by setting 2 numbers which you can access easily when your own phone is lost. Once these 2 numbers are set in your app, test it once by giving a missed call to your phone. Note - the app is not required to be installed on those 2 phones which are set in your app. Also test by sending a text message &quot;lost&quot; to your phone. Your phone would send a return text message in both the cases with the location details of your phone. This way you can never lose you phone. Isn&#39;t is worth just having this app installed on your phone? It&#39;s the best find my phone by text message app.You can use this feature even to track your dear ones. Install this mobile number locator on their phones and do as explained above. Then whenever you need to find their location, just give a missed call or send one text message. The app automatically returns their location by a return text message. No need to call them and intrude their privacy.★ My LocationSee all the places you were in the last 2 days with accurate date/time by checking Location History option in this GPS Phone Locator app. This is an amazing feature to have. You know where you were yesterday and for how much duration. Also you can find it to find out how much time or what route you took yesterday to reach from place A to B.In summary, I can use it to:★ Find me★ As a Safety app, my personal safety app★ find Restaurants near me★ Interesting places Near me N★ Places to eat near me★ find my location★ As Text message tracker★ Locate via SMS★ find phoneIt&#39;s a free app. Download it now