The GPS Phone Tracking Pro App makes it easy to keep track of life’s essentials; use it to:•	Find Your Friends – and get directions to their location.•	Find Your Phone – check the app’s Web site to find a lost device.•	Stay Connected – discover your friends’ whereabouts at any time simply by checking the GPS Phone Tracking Pro map. The GPS Phone Tracking Pro does it all.  This handy, easy-to-use app leverages the latest technology to help you stay connected in real time to the people (and the devices) that matter most.  GPS Phone Tracking Pro functions, features and benefits include:Great Friend Locator.   GPS Phone Tracking Pro uses GPS coordinates and state-of-the-art GPS location data to report the real-time whereabouts of your friends.   Simply install the GPS tracker app on your phone and your friends’ phones.   Once registered, each friend appears as a unique icon on the GPS Tracking Pro’s navigational map so you’ll know exactly where each friend is, at all times.  Want to know instantly which friends arrived at a party, theater, museum or another planned meet up point?  Want to figure out if anyone is stuck in traffic, made a wrong turn or even worse – if your habitually late friend has even left his/her house yet?  No need to send annoying “Where are your?” or “What’s your ETA?” texts, GPS Phone Tracking Pro puts this information at your fingertips.  And to make life super easy, GPS Tracking Pro can send alerts the moment your friends arrive at the appointed location!  Another Friend Locator Feature  With GPS Phone Tracking Pro, you can monitor your friend’s travel from one location to another via the app’s GPS maps.  This is a very helpful feature when you’re traveling separately from a friend who has a tendency to get lost often.  And let’s face it:  GPS Phone Tracking Pro also makes a great family tracker.  This is especially helpful if a family member is scheduled to pick you up.  You can track their progress toward your destination, enjoying yourself until the last possible moment you have to be at the agreed upon pick up spot!Reliable Cell Phone Tracker GPS Phone Tracking Pro can pinpoint the location of registered mobile devices, smart phones and even old school feature phones via the app’s website, 24/7.  Just log in and your phone will appear as an icon.  Click on the icon to view the location of the missing mobile phone.   This GPS phone tracking device helps with Androids too.  It accesses GPS Android data to pinpoint the location of missing Droids.Phone Tracking for Friends With Feature Phones Friends who don’t have the latest smart phone (or a smart phone at all), can still enjoy GPS Phone Tracking Pro’s features and benefits – with a little help from their friends!  Here’s how it works:  The app will send a text invite to the feature phone.  Once your friend accepts the invitation and replies with a “yes,” to the text, their individual icon will appear on the app’s GPS maps.  If their phone is lost, the app will provide GPS navigation assistance to help you guide them its destination.   It’s a phone tracker extraordinaire.Innovative and Versatile Phone Locator Do you constantly misplace your cell phone and are tired of asking other people (friends or family) to help you find it or if they’ve seen it? GPS Phone Tracking Pro can help.  Its state-of-the-art GPS system can keep tabs on registered phones, using satellites to triangulate the exact location of every phone registered to your account.  If a phone is ever out of satellite view, GPS Phone Tracking Pro uses triangulation via the nearest cell phone tower and the cell phone carrier’s data to determine the missing phone’s location.   This versatile phone locator also offers printer-friendly directions to the misplaced phone’s location.  GPS Phone Tracking Pro is compatible with Androids, whether you have AT&amp;T, Verizon, Sprint or another phone carrier.