Download the itimes Interest based Social Network app for Android mobile and get access to some exciting features while being updated on the go!   Earning times points was never this easy! Like, comment and follow your favourite interests to gain some brownie points! Are you ready to have some fun?App Features:• Passionate about a topic? Have an experience you can call your own!• Find out what’s breaking the internet, with regular updates on Featured Posts and Trending Interests  • Follow your favourite interests on itimes and you won’t have to look anywhere else!• Participate in on-going polls to let the world know your opinion!  • Discuss all trending issues on itimes and hear what the world has to say!• Don’t forget to share these posts with your friends and followers on Facebook, Twitter and Google+ • Want to save an interesting story? Bookmark the post and read it later!• Keep your profile private if you don’t want to show the world your activities• With itimes, you can read stories with just a swipe!• To top it all, the itimes App also rewards you for activities on the app with a unique media loyalty program -Times Points. Win big with just this app in your hands!About itimes Interest based Social NetworkItimes is India’s first Interest based Social Network. Decide what topics interest you and itimes will help you stay updated.Simply follow Interests &amp; people to build a community around your passions from the world of Sports, Politics and Entertainment. Also log on for opinions, debates and hottest issues that matter. If its buzzing on the Internet, Its on itimes!itimes has over a Million posts around Interest categories such as Lifestyle, Showbiz, People, Places, Passions &amp; Brands.Please go to http://ww.itimes.com/privacy-policy and http://ww.itimes.com/termsofservice for more information.We’d love to hear from you. Want a specific feature added? Write to us and we’ll help you as best we can! Send Feedback: feedback@itimes.comLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/itimes.comLike us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+itimesFollow us on Twitter: twitter.com/itimestweetsAbout Times Internet LimitedTimes Internet, the largest Indian Internet Network, is the digital venture of Times of India Group, India&#39;s largest media and entertainment group.Since its inception in 1999, Times Internet has been at the cutting edge of digital innovation in India. Times Internet operates a portfolio of web and mobile properties that engage millions of users globally. Today, Times Internet is the largest Indian online group in India, according to Comscore, with over 37 million monthly visitors.