n-gage encourages creative, personalised messaging and unrivalled user privacy so you can still have fun whilst staying in complete control of your content. In addition, by choosing n-gage you are helping sick, disabled and underprivileged people as we support many charitable causes around the world. n-gage: The first lifestyle messenger app that’s Private, Playful and Transforming Lives.n-gage messenger has more than 13 unique privacy features designed to keep you in control of your content.Set up a ‘Private Vault’ to store all your sensitive contacts, messages and images. Ever experienced sender’s regret?  With n-gage messenger you can use ‘Extract’ to call back your messages or even entire conversations.Make sure your message is read by the right person; password protect it with ‘Safe Chat’.Want to auto delete a message once someone has read it? ‘Blink’ itTurn on Stealth Mode to make yourself invisible to selected friends in their contact list and keep you anonymous in any group chats.With end to end encryption of messages on your phone and in transit as standard; the ability to scramble your chat’s to stop snoopers and the option to prevent copying, forwarding, emailing or screenshotting; n-gage is the must have Lifestyle Messenger that keeps you in control.With a whole host of playful personalisation features to discover and enjoy, n-gage enables you to express yourself in a whole new way! Want to change the look and feel of n-gage then use ‘App Makeover’ to reflect your mood; or ‘Chat Makeover’ to set a theme for a conversation that expresses your emotions.n-gage messenger brings your messages to life with fun &amp; playful features such as n-Stickers, n-Cards &amp; Doodle PlusStill want more?Regardless of whether they have n-gage, make Video Calls and send messages to your connections on WhatsApp, Facebook, Hike and others.Arrange 1-to-1 and group video calls with anyone. Just set a date and time, and invite up to 10 friends to join!Frustrated with irrelevant group messages that you are not interested in? - With n-gage, you can divide groups into separate topics so you only interact with the chats that interest you.By using Premium Features you are helping to transform the lives of sick, disabled and underprivileged people around the world.We’d love to hear what you think about n-gage, please rate us &amp; leave a review.Note: The use of features on n-gage messenger are subject to the n-gage terms of service which can be found on http://www.n-gage.com. For cross platform calling, participants would either need n-gage messenger, Android version 4.3 and above, browser with WebRTC support or an additional iOS plugin.