Ever wondered why you take more pictures than videos? Videos take up a lot of space, needs you to hold the camera steady for quite some time. That’s why people settle for a compromise. But not anymore, now, you can take a picture, add a caption to it, and share the speaking picture with anyone.How Speaking Pictures can change your life?Reminder: Take an image of your car keys and send it to your spouse telling them where it is kept.Forego Captions: Ever brooded for hours thinking about a caption? Let your voice act as a caption, speak into it and let the recipient find out what it is.Add vividness to memory: How do you write sound made by cricket while going to garden? Voxie makes that possible. If you ever want to revisit the memory, just tap on the picture, and it would come back to life.Best in class inter-personal communication: As the world graduates to the post-QWERTY internet, use the combination of voice messages and hand drawn sketches to make a quick and super-effective inter-personal communication with family, friends, college mates and colleagues.Super easy and super fast messaging: raise the phone to your ear and create a message (with tones and emotions) quickly and without pressing a button. Send a message this way 5 times and texting would be painfully slow and passé forever.Unblock hearing without headset searches: use the &quot;P-mode&quot; to listen to a voice message privately in meetings, hangouts, public transport wherever by using the phone&#39;s earpiece.No senseless sharing: media shared inter-personally cannot be shared further. You’ll have a high degree of control and confidence in sending over pics, sketches, voice and vox-pics.Smart notifications: don&#39;t worry about displaying your &quot;online&quot; status, it&#39;s a stressful privacy breach and we have moved away from this through VoxWeb. Also no time-stamps with read receipts but yes you&#39;ll get to know whether the voice message you sent inter-personally has been heard.How Voxie’s Social Platform “LIFE” is differentLife is an auto bootstrapped &quot;Follower-Following&quot; network from phone-books and is developed on the premise that anything you put publicly on the internet is out there forever and out of your control. So don’t take stress in managing post-specific control settings and go with the flow and excitement as you make one-to-many communication with people who are following your life, interested in your posts.Have any suggestions/doubts?Do you have any suggestions to make VoxWeb a better place? Reach out to us on http://www.voxweb.rocks or write us at support@voxweb.rocks anytime. We&#39;d be glad to hear from you.