Medscape from WebMD (medscape.com) is the leading medical resource most used by physicians, medical students, nurses and other healthcare professionals for clinical information.The Medscape app is the highest rated, fastest growing free mobile app for healthcare professionals with over 4 million registered users.The Medscape app for Android™ is available for free. All features are available for free. (Log in required only for the first time using the app.  New users can register for a free account.)Most popular features available in our app:- Medical News:Read the latest news available across 30+ specialties, covering FDA announcements, thought leader perspectives, conference news, important journal articles, plus physician business news and tips.- Drug Information and Tools:Look up adult and pediatric drug dosing information in seconds, check drug interactions, access medical calculators, and get health plan formulary information to support you with patient care.- Disease &amp; Condition Information:Prep for patients by reviewing clinical presentation, workup, and treatment information for 4,400+ diseases and conditions. Authored and reviewed by expert physicians.- Medical Calculators Access 129 medical calculators covering formulas, scales, and classifications directly through the calculator feature. Plus, 600+ drugs in our drug reference have integrated dosing calculators.- Drug Formulary InformationFind out whether a drug is covered under a particular health plan and easily compare tier status for drugs in the same class to consider an alternative for your patient. Choose from our complete list of 1,800 plans across all 50 states. - Continuing Medical Education Courses:Complete accredited CME/CE courses for professional development and to fulfill licensure requirements. Courses available in 1,000+ topics across 30+ specialties.- Offline Access:Drug, condition, and procedure reference, plus drug interaction checker can be accessed without an internet connection when you select the option to download our clinical reference database. For more information, visit medscape.com/mobileapp Please remember, we aren’t able to respond to you based on comments. If you have any suggestions to improve our app or are having issues using our app, please contact us through our online help center at help.medscape.com.Supported Device and OS Information: Supported Devices: Google Nexus S, Samsung Galaxy S II, Samsung Galaxy S III, Google Nexus 7, Samsung Galaxy Note II, Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Motorola Droid Razr, Samsung Galaxy Note, HTC Evo 4G, HTC IncredibleSupported OS: 2.3, 4.0, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4NOTE: Users with &#39;rooted&#39; devices and ad-blocker software installed may experience connectivity errors while using Medscape.Please disable ad-blocker software before attempting to download Medscape&#39;s offline Clinical Reference.