Let Ovia make it easier for you to get pregnant faster! Or to avoid pregnancy!Trust Ovia Fertility for your most accurate ovulation calendar and period tracker. Know your fertile window and your fertility score each day of the month!Ovia supports digital OPKs so you track your low, high and peak fertility in your calendar. By recording your menstrual cycle information, the app recognizes your peak fertility days each month. As the leading data-driven fertility app, Ovia analyzes your unique menstrual cycle and provides a personalized fertility calendar to help you get pregnant faster. Ovia calculates your fertility window, predicts your next period and provides a personalized menstrual calendar. Ovia Ovulation &amp; Period is proven to predict your ovulation and fertile window with more accuracy than any period tracker, fertility calculator, or menstrual cycle calendar available. women with regular and irregular periodsDeveloped by Harvard scientists and the nation’s leading fertility experts, Ovia Ovulation &amp; Period makes it simple to manage your reproductive health. 3+ million users trust Ovia Fertility &amp; Pregnancy apps.Track Critical Health Data- Free ovulation and fertility tracker, calculator, and calendar- Track moods and cervical fluid for early signs of pregnancy - Track symptoms for the entire body including sleep and lifestyle- Track intercourse, sex drive, weight, exercise, blood pressure, medications, and nutrition - Record ovulation &amp; results of pregnancy tests - Ovia will use this data to create accurate, easy-to-understand fertility and health charts - Receive updates on your fertility score and daily articles on fertility and conception Free Key Features- Digital OPK support - track low, high and peak fertility - Support for women with irregular periods who are trying to get pregnant- See when you’ll be most fertile with the Fertility Forecast on your monthly calendar which shows ovulation days, upcoming period &amp; peak fertile window- Receive detailed health summaries and statistics each week- Learn everything about conception and pregnancy with daily articles written by clinically validated professionals - MyQ will uncover connections between your health history and potential fertility issues - Receive real-time health alerts based on your symptoms - Involve a family member with your Ovia Fertility account through Partner Share- Connects couples trying to conceive get pregnant faster! THE SCIENCE BEHIND OVIA FERTILITY BY OVULINEThere are only a few days each cycle when a woman is fertile and can conceive. Many couples who are trying to conceive take longer than expected to get pregnant because they don’t know the right days. Ovia Ovulation &amp; Period Tracker collects your unique menstrual cycle data and health information to predict your exact fertile window and free your mind from stress, improving your likelihood of conceiving. Ovia Ovulation &amp; Period Tracker has industry-best predictive engines built on millions of data points from more than 3.5 million users. By tracking your data, Ovia can help you make connections with other data you and millions of other women have entered to make Ovia the most accurate ovulation predictor possible. We use big data and machine learning to accurately predict your unique cycle so you know when to have intercourse and help you get pregnant faster.