Gva  read as Jeeva, is a one stop solution to all healthcare needs. Gva is a technological solution which has createdconvenience to users/patients by bringing in chemists &amp; druggist or pharmaceutical shops, doctors, diagnostics centers and baby products retailersunder one umbrella to provide a patient centric and value based healthcare services. The details of the Gva services are as followsMedicines- Gva connects with users with a simple to use step and delivers medicines to the door step in less than 2 hours. Gva has a three stepvalidation process of the prescriptions, first the Gva pharmacist verifies and approves the prescription/medicines followed by qualified pharmacist at theretail shop and finally Gva delivery boy at the time of delivery ensuring safety of the patient.Diagnostics-  Diagnostics as we say smart diagnostics provides option of collecting the samples such as blood, urine etc at the door step by a qualified and certified lab technician there by creating convenience to the user. this helps in avoiding unnecessary commutation in this stressed traffic conditions. Gva Diagnostics also provides option for the user to go the associated diagnostics centers by scheduling an appointment to get x ray, MRI, CT scan etc. which help in avoiding unnecessary waiting in Que. Our diagnostics services are smart as it also provides mobility services from Ola, Ola cabs. For example when a user books an appointment a ola cab comes and picks the users and  drops them to the destination. Also the user need not have to go to the diagnostics center collect the report as it will be available in the mobile app or can be accessed in our website.Clinic:- Gva has association with qualified medical practitioners or Doctors across the length and breadth of the country which will help the user toget access to the doctors without any hassles. unlike other appointment services which just gets an appointment with the doctor, Gva provides a seamlessservice by ensuing that the patient will not wait for hours to meet the doctor, this is possible because our technology helps in real time monitoring of the appointmentsand there by creates value to the user or patient. Gva not only provides appointment services with doctor but also eliminate the hassle of going to the pharmacyto buy medicines. Baby &amp; Mother care:- Gva has a wide verity of baby products and mother care products which will help the soon to be mother or a mother of new born to choose and order the products from our mobile app or website and that will be delivered to door step. Gva delivers products like baby soaps, shampoos, diapers, baby toys etc.Gva also has following value added services such as1. Health vault- Helps in patient record management where in a user or patient can access his or her medical history any time any where.2. Doctor on call- It helps patient or user to connect with doctor when ever there is a follow up over a video call just over a click of a button on a mobile phone.3. Virtual blood bank:- When in need of a blood just click on Gva app.Gva caters medical books for medical professionals and students, also user can buy surgical equipment&#39;s and home medical deviceswhich will be delivered to doorstep.