With Netmeds App, getting the medicine you need is simple. Download the easy-to-use Netmeds App to conveniently order your medicines from anywhere. Just tap the App, upload your prescription, rest assured that your medicines will be delivered anywhere in India. Running out of your vital medicines can wreak havoc on your health. Use the App to Refill Your Prescriptions now, Track Your Order, Rate Items, Check Reward Points or Contact Us on the go!Today everyone is busier than ever, that’s why Netmeds offers you a user-friendly app to order your medicines at your convenience, without ever having to leave your home or office. On the move?... Can’t get to the pharmacy?... No problem. Download Netmeds App now for FREE - you are sure to find peace of mind managing your prescriptions like never before, with just a few clicks of the mouse. That’s the Netmeds App advantage! Saves you time, giving you the best pharmacy experience possible.Netmeds App key features – Benefits for You ‘24/7’:1. Shop ‘faster’ for all your medicines at the touch of a few buttons – No hassle of driving/parking. Never wait in line again!2. Flexible App to order medicines from any part of the world, for your family members in India. 3. Get a FULL 15% OFF prescription drugs on purchases via Netmeds App, for any order value.Take advantage of a 5% special discount on &#39;OTC/Non-Prescription items&#39; too! 4. Grab an additional 5% cashback further when you pay via credit/debit card/net banking.5. Easy to order your refill medicines – Just one click and your refill order is done.6. Conveniently track your order status in real time, straight from the palm of your hand!7. Quickly email us or WhatsApp your query, no matter whether you’re on the road or in the office.8. Securely access your order/prescription history or view reward points/notifications in Your Account on the go.9. Instantly upload your prescription &amp; leave the rest to our dedicated pharmacists - they’ll reach out to you promptly. 10. Simply update your personal information, billing/delivery address anytime, anywhere! 11. Swiftly see the very latest promotions that we have to offer you!12. Clear doubts on your medicines by asking our pharmacists - to get the best out of your medicines.13. Get easy access to the reliable and comprehensive drug information @ your fingertips - learn about side effects/drug interactions and more.14. Assured safety of your personal information, with the latest security technology (SSL) in place.Be sure to download the Free Netmeds App - A must-have for YOU to stay in better health! Have questions? Please call our customer support (toll free) 1800-103-0304 or email cs@netmeds.com. About Netmeds.comNetmeds App is brought to you by the Netmeds Marketplace Limited, founded by Dadha Company – one of the oldest pharmacies in India, trusted for quality prescription drugs since 1914. Netmeds continues a legacy of 100 years of success in the pharma industry, providing customers with a superior online shopping experience, which includes ease of navigation and absolute transactional security. Netmeds, India’s first-ever mega online pharmacy, offers a complete range of prescription and non-prescription items, including vitamins, diet/fitness supplements, herbal products, pain relievers, diabetic care kits, baby/mother care products, beauty care products, surgical supplies and many more. Netmeds’ mission is to provide the people of India with convenient &amp; affordable access to their everyday medicines. Download the go-to Netmeds App to get your medicines delivered within 2 to 4 days.