YouCam Nails manicure salon is the addictive fun new nail art app game that bringing stunning styles to your fingertips! Create nail designs with hundreds of fabulous colors, beauty patterns, and decals. It&#39;s manicure magic for girls who love fashion and nail games!Make up your own unique nail styles or choose from cute one-touch looks. A game for girls to manicure your nails in a fun new way. Now you can experiment with new nail designs quickly and easily without the hassle of nail polish remover. Love Kylie Jenner&#39;s fabulous celebrity manicures? Look like a princess and create your own cute nails!Try it on for yourself- test out all the features today. A fun game for kids, toddlers or children of any age to play!YouCam Nails - Manicure Salon features:◆ Nail art palette: 65+ colors to paint and draw for one-of-a-kind nail designs just like a coloring book◆ Say hello to nail designs with 25+ patterns to mix and match, including the classic French manicure, polka dots, kitty, floral, hearts, leopard print, and cartoon characters◆ Cute polish stickers: 50+ to choose from including jewels, flowers and geometric shapes ◆ Nail shapes (5 styles) to get you flawless tips◆ Beauty cam: customize a photo of your nails after you finish your nail designs◆ Nail makeover in one-touch: Try on 20 complete stylish nail looks expertly designed for instantly glamorous princess hands◆ Nail polish tutorials and how-to videos for more great nail ideas in Beauty Circle{How to Use YouCam Nails - Manicure Salon} ◆ 1. Take a photo &amp; design your own nails - Use an existing model’s hand or take a new photo of your own hand- Adjust the skin tone for more personalization◆ 2. Polish Your Look - Salon makeover tools let you choose any color nails and finish that your heart desires. - Nails can be designed individually or you can apply one design to them all◆ 3. Beauty Editor: Customize It - Beautify your nails and create a unique manicure by adding stickers or patterns and changing the shape of your tips. - It&#39;s as easy as having a coloring book to create nail designs!◆ 4. Beauty Camera: Decorate Your Photo - Change your background with seasonal, girl style, pretty princess or high fashion background styles- Stickers and more fun photo effects add to your nail looks◆ 5. Save &amp; Share It! - Cute nails should be shared! Share your nails with friends- Beauty tips &amp; nail fashion advice can be shared to Beauty Circle and more- Nail tutorials can be viewed at any time with just one click!Nail art design is all the fun without the mess of nail polish remover- download the YouCam Nails nail app to become your own nail artist now!Perfect Corp. would love to hear your suggestions and feedback! Please continue to send questions, suggestions and ideas to: YouCamNails_android@perfectcorp.comVisit us: http://www.perfectcorp.com/youcamnailsLike us: https://www.facebook.com/youcamperfect