MySmartPrice is India’s favourite price comparison app! Getting the best price and deals for online shopping in India has never been easier.  COMPARE PRICES - MySmartPrice saves you money on all your online shopping. It is a price comparison engine that scans over 100 online shopping sites to get you the best price for over 10 Million products. You can search products from categories like Mobile Phones, Laptops, Cameras, TVs etc. and find the lowest price online. We cover websites like Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal, Ebay, Paytm, Shopclues, Infibeam, The Mobile Store, Homeshop 18, Croma, Saholic, Next, Univercell, Ezoneonline, The IT depot, Sangeetha Mobile, Big C, Indiatimes Shopping etc.DISCOVER PRODUCTS - We also have the largest collection of Apparel, Shoes &amp; Accessories from all the leading fashion brands, so you can do all your browsing right here. If the product is available in any online shopping website present in India, it is definitely available on MySmartPrice. We cover websites like Myntra, Jabong, Flipkart, Fashionara, Donebynone, Yepme, Zivame, Zovi, Koovs, Happily Unmarried, Zansaar, Yebhi etc.DEALS &amp; OFFERS - In addition to the lowest price we also bring you the best offers, deals &amp; discounts available online. You also have information like shipping charges, cash on delivery availability &amp; credit card cashbacks at your fingertips.SECURE - Once you like a particular product, you can access the store from within the app and securely make your purchase. You can also share the same with your friends.EXPERT REVIEWS - We have verified product details for all products and have added user reviews, expert reviews &amp; video reviews to our app, so that you have all the details you need to make an informed purchase at your disposal.FAST &amp; EASY - We have tried to design the app in a way that it becomes easier and faster for you to shop for items of your choice.FREE RECHARGE &amp; MORE - We also like to throw in goodies like free mobile recharges, free coffee vouchers &amp; extended warranty once in a while! So enjoy shopping anytime from anywhere right from your iPhone. If you like us, do rate our app.