Tinder is the world&#39;s most popular dating app. More than 9 billion matches have been made through Tinder. Try Tinder and you&#39;ll see why Time magazine called Tinder &quot;The World&#39;s Hottest App.&quot; *Tinder is FREE and takes only 60 seconds to set up. There are no long forms or questions to fill out.  Download Tinder now and make your first match today. - Why Is Tinder The Most Popular Dating App In The World?* You decide who can message you: no one can message you on Tinder unless you choose to swipe right on their profile (and they on yours).  That means you only get messages from the people you like and that like you back.  And, you can always unmatch with someone at any point.  * Everyone is authenticated: everyone on Tinder is authenticated through Facebook.  In addition to verifying identity, this also allows us to display things like common friends and common interests to give you context when you&#39;re deciding whether to swipe right (Note that we never post anything to Facebook)* Tinder works: 26 million matches are made every day on Tinder.- How Does Tinder Work?Tinder is fun and easy to use.  Here&#39;s how it works:1.  Tinder presents you with the most interesting people around you.  2.  You can see any friends and interests that you have in common with each person, view their photos, read their profile, and decide if you&#39;re interested in connecting with them.  3.  If you&#39;re not interested, you simply swipe left on their profile.  If you are interested, just swipe right!4.  If you swipe right on someone, and they swipe right on you, Tinder will tell you both that &quot;it&#39;s a match!&quot;.  At that point, you can message each other right inside of the TInder app. 5. And now, with a Swipe Up, you can Super Like someone, letting them know before they swipe that you’re especially interested in connecting with them. The press agrees that Tinder is the world&#39;s best dating app:“Tinder solved online dating for women” - New York Magazine“Tinder is perfect for women” - ELLE “The world’s hottest app” - Forbes“Tinder has become something of a cultural phenomenon” - TIME Magazine-----Tinder is - and always will be - free. If you choose to unlock some new features with Tinder Plus, such as Passport (swipe anywhere in the world) and Rewind (bring back your last swipe), you can purchase optional Tinder Plus packages as an in-app purchase. If you choose to purchase Tinder Plus, payment will be charged to your Google account, and your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to the Play Store app after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period.  If you don’t choose to purchase Tinder Plus, you can simply continue using Tinder for free.