Whenever you plan to go out for a meal or a night out, you are always faced with two concerns: getting a table and getting a good deal. Dineout can help. It is a free restaurant table reservation service that helps you book tables, get up to 30% discount on your bill and get other awesome offers at over 2,000 restaurants in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Kolkata, with more cities and restaurants coming soon. Use the Dineout app to reserve tables on any occasion – from romantic dinners to rooftop bars, from fine-dining and 5-star hotels to fun nights out and casual dining. You won’t have to wait outside a restaurant again! FEATURES:DISCOVER NEW RESTAURANTS: Search by location and cuisine (Chinese, Italian, South Indian, Mexican and more), to discover and dine out at the best restaurants, cafés, pubs and bars that will satisfy your cravings.GET SUPER DEALS: Get discounts of up to 30%, extended happy hours, dinner deals and other great offers every time you dine out. FIND NEARBY RESTAURANTS: Don’t want to go far? Turn on automatic location detection and discover nearby restaurants! FIND YOUR FOOD FIX: Select Restaurants based on your Food Mood, Deals, Happy Hours, Buffets and Brunches.EARN MONEY: All the cash you earn from transactions and promotions goes into your Dineout Wallet, which you can redeem when you eat out. PAY YOUR BILL: Now you can pay your restaurant bill straight from the app, and redeem money you have earned through your Dineout Wallet.CHECK OUT RESTAURANT DETAILS: Find out more about the restaurant by going through their deals and discounts, food menu, pictures, address, cuisine, cost for two and opening hours.READ &amp; WRITE REVIEWS: Check reviews and ratings from diners and renowned food critics for more than 20,000 Restaurants, and write your own reviews about your dining experiences.GET DIRECTIONS: We’ll show you the way to great restaurants with our &quot;Get Directions&quot; feature.INVITE YOUR FRIENDS: Easily invite your friends to join you for a meal through WhatsApp, Facebook, E-Mail or SMS.PARTY BOOKING: Book birthday, anniversary, business and personal parties.If you would like to talk to someone or suggest new app features please write to us at info@dineout.co.in or call at +91-9212340202.Stop waiting for tables and start saving on eating out right now. Download the Dineout app for free!