Zomato is the best way to search for and discover great places to eat at or order in from. It&#39;s a beautifully designed, easy-to-use social restaurant finder app that lets you explore all the dining options in your city. Browse through restaurant menus, pictures, and user reviews to decide where you want to eat, and use the map feature to guide you there.If you are in India, UAE, or the Philippines, you can also order your food online for delivery, with thousands of great restaurants to choose from.Build a trusted network of friends and discover great new restaurants through them. Show off your own food journey with reviews, stunning filtered pictures, and check-ins at restaurants. **Features*** Search easily for Restaurants, Cafes, Pubs and Bars by location, cuisine (e.g. Chinese, Italian, Indian), name (e.g. Starbucks, Domino&#39;s Pizza, Amaya), or browse through beautifully crafted Collections to discover something special.* NEW: Create your very own Collections and share them with your friends and followers.* Explore every restaurant in your city, including the ones around your current location, and use search filters to find the one that suits you best. * View menus, pictures, phone numbers, directions, user reviews, and all the other information you need to choose a restaurant for Dine-out, Delivery, Nightlife or Takeaway. Maintain an easy-reference list of your favorites or places you want to visit with Bookmarks.* Check in at restaurants you visit, see useful information about the restaurant, add photos, and tag friends you&#39;re eating or drinking with.* Rate and review restaurants you&#39;ve been to, and share photos of your foodie moments directly from the app.* Use the map view to explore restaurants around you, or draw a circle to search in a specific area.* In-app table booking (select locations) – you can also view and book yourself a table at all partner restaurants.Zomato is now available in over 10,000 cities across India, USA, Australia, the UK, UAE, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, Portugal, the Philippines, Indonesia, Turkey, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Chile, Italy, Lebanon, Brazil, Sri Lanka, and Qatar. More locations coming very soon.USA, Australia, and Canada – Zomato in your countries was previously called Urbanspoon.