Craving food from that quaint restaurant around home or do you just feel like ordering comfort food from your favourite restaurant? We&#39;ve got your back covered. Swiggy is your go to app for ordering food from your favourite restaurants from around your city. With Swiggy, you can browse through the latest menus from restaurants and discover a plethora of restaurants serving a variety of cuisines around your neighborhood that you could order, depending on those cravings. So if you are in the mood for some Indian cuisine or that yummy, cheesy pasta from the best Italian restaurant in your area, Swiggy delivers it to you in lightning speed. Don&#39;t bother about the minimum order size or the minimum order value because Swiggy delivers even one item or many without any minimum order value constraint.Through the live tracking feature you can constantly check the status of your order on your phone and track it till it arrives at your doorstep. Go ahead and get those cravings for any cuisine satisfied using Swiggy because food is always the first thing on our mind and the last thing that you need to worry about.10 Reasons why Food ordering on Swiggy is everybody&#39;s piece of cake!- Swiggy is the most convenient way to order food from the best restaurants in your city be it big or small.- The easy to use and simple interface of Swiggy is designed to let you complete your order in less than a minute. Getting breakfast in the morning rush is a breeze!- Each order can be customized to your preferences just the way you like it. For instance, a medium rare cook or milder spice.- The easy payment options to choose from while completing your order on Swiggy make food ordering a breeze from an exhaustive range of restaurants.- The restaurants and the delivery experience in each neighborhood are rated by users which you could use to make decide on the restaurant of your choice, let you have a different lunch everyday, and reliably too.- The recommended feature on the app for every restaurant helps you choose from the most ordered dishes making it easy to see what to choose from on the menu.- Have a dinner favourite? Each order is saved along with your profile allowing for faster ordering of favourites repeatedly, saving you time.- The delivery staff carry out only one order at a time, ensuring each delivery has no errors and is delivered fast to you ensuring customer delight through each order.- Orders can be live tracked from the time the order has been picked up to the time of delivery, eliminating the need to call and follow up on each order.- There&#39;s no minimum order value and cash on delivery is available, making ordering in easier than ever before, even if it is late at night.Features:- Order from a huge variety of cuisines online based on your location. Whether you fancy some biryani, a pizza or even a South Indian meal, Swiggy does it all. - Can&#39;t take sides when it comes to ordering food? Not a problem. The carefully picked, photographed, visually appealing menus that are at your disposal makes it easy to pick between your favourite juicy burger or that pasta, depending on what looks good at the time.- No minimum order values makes getting something as small as a single slice of cake delivered now entirely possible. If it&#39;s on the menu, Swiggy will deliver it! It&#39;s simpler than ever before to order those one off desserts without having a meal to accompany it!- From Home delivered Punjabi parathas in Bangalore to crispy Dosas in Delhi to spicy Chinese in Chennai to flamboyant thalis in Mumbai, Swiggy has it all. With more than 5000 restaurants to order from, the Swiggy user will always be spoiled for choice.We plan on making food delivery so simple and accessible that you&#39;ll want to do away with your kitchens before you know it.Swiggy now serves Bangalore | Gurgaon | Hyderabad | Delhi | Kolkata | Mumbai | Pune | Chennai