Little helps you save money through awesome deals on everything near you! Restaurants, last minute hotels, movies, spas, salons, weekend activities, sports activities, adventure activities, health &amp; fitness activities - you name it and Little has the best deals &amp; discounts on it. We know how hard you work to earn your money and we want to help you save in everything you do, so you can do more and live more with what you have. Save 37% through weekend deals on Chinese food restaurants, and buy your mom that hair spa deal she’s wanted for so long. Save 50% through hair straightening offers on that salon, to spend the savings on great last-minute hotel deals on your weekend getaway in Kerala. Save 69% through buffet discounts nearby to buy yourself a gym &amp; bodybuilding deal for that super toned body. Save 34% with that awesome full body massage coupon and show your body some love!You still here reading? Come on stop reading and pack your bags for that vacation you have been postponing for so long. Our cheap last minute hotel offers will help you get great discounts on awesome cheap hotels all over the country. But we won’t stop there! We are not just one of those cheap hotel apps after all. We’ll help you find that awesome spa and salon deal for a ‘spalicious’ start to your day. You’d like a hair spa? We got a hair spa deal alright! You want a full body massage? We’ve got a full body massage offer too! You ask, is this all Little can do for me? No sir! After all we are not just one of those spa apps. Once you have gone “Spa!” we’ll help you find a great restaurant offer on North Indian, Chinese, Italian, Mexican or any other cuisine of your liking. You want a buffet? No worries, we’ve got you covered - we have great buffet deals too. By now I am sure you already know it - yes you got it right, we are not just one of those restaurants apps either. You say all this okay, but does Little not have any adventure sports discount coupons? Yes we do! We have discounts &amp; discount vouchers on river water rafting, rock climbing, horse riding, go karting, scuba diving and many other sports activities. But don’t confuse us with any of those sports activities apps either. To end your awesome day on a ‘high’ note we’ll help you find fantastic pub coupons, hot bar deals, and nightclub discount coupons. Still not convinced?Little helps you solve all your service needs in one app and eliminates the need to open the million other apps you use today like -  restaurants apps, cheap hotel apps, movies apps, health &amp; sports activities apps, health activities apps, fitness activities apps, spa apps, salons apps etc. It helps you save on the best brands in the country including –  Oyo rooms last minute budget hotels, Pizza Hut, PVR Cinemas, Cafe Coffee Day, CCD, Hard Rock Café, Rajdhani buffet, Subway and many more. How to Redeem: Restaurant &amp; Food Offers:When looking for Chinese restaurant &amp; food offers, North India restaurant &amp; food deals, buffet deals or any other food deals, open the food deals part of the app by clicking on food &amp; drinks. The catalogue will show all the best buffet deals &amp; restaurant coupons. Click on the one you like and buy its coupon and just show it at the restaurant, café or pub to avail the discount. Spa deals &amp; Salon deals:When looking for full body massage, cheap haircut deals, hair straightening, laser hair removal deals, etc. open the Spa &amp; Salon section by clicking on the icon with the same name. The catalogue will show the best and cheapest spa &amp; salon deals. Purchase the coupon of the one you like and book an appointment in advance before going. Cheap Hotels Offers:Whether looking for budget last minute hotel offers or luxury last minute hotel deals, Little has them all. Just click on the Book Hotel offers tab and choose the relevant hotel from among the hundreds of cheap last minute hotel offers available.