●Finally, True Balance supports Pan India! You can check supported area in the below link.http://truebalance.io/support-list● Get a new Install Offers! Now, you can get more and more Points with New install offers. Don’t miss the great chance to enjoy free recharge.Hassle Free All-Balance-Check App with awesome Free Recharge features.True Balance (beta) gives you one touch solution to manage your prepaid mobile balances. Not only checking balances, but it also supports recharge; Invite friends, earn points and buy new packs!# Need support? Please contact at cs@balancehero.com before leaving a review with low ratings.How to Start (Accessibility settings)http://truebalance.io/setup_guide● Balance- Check data pack balance and call rate cutter validity.- All your mobile recharge balance &amp; pack balances in one place.- Total remaining balance of single / dual SIM.- Local call, STD call, L+STD call pack balance with the expiry date.- Remaining 2G, 3G data pack with the expiry date.- Notification Bar - Information at a glance with many options.● Balance Alert- Get low balance &amp; expiry alerts of Main balance, Data pack, Call pack and Rate cutter.● Deductions- Automatically check call cost balance after every local / STD call.- Automatic data balance inquiry after every connect.● Data Tracking- Track apps stealing your MB in the background.- Monitor data usage from background or foreground by date or app wise.- Check today&#39;s data usage in 1 page.● Earn &amp; Free Recharge- Invite friends &amp; Earn points (Only limited time)- Get free recharge with points in Wallet.- free top-up provided when you’re out of balance! (Awesome!)● PlayPull Animal friends- True Balance added FUN to balance check. Don’t miss this EXCITEMENT as well as FREE POINTS! Special● Share Best Live-Balance App, Earn Rewards, Be True Android Master!- Gift Free Talktime, Save Time &amp; Money. You don&#39;t have to go to recharge shops anymore. This promotion is valid for limited time only and can change anytime. The requirements and reward may also change at any time.●  No rooting is required.Why True Balance?Are you able to see every deduction on call or data packs on your prepaid mobile? How about call cost? Don’t worry, we made the best app for Indian prepaid mobile subscribers. Now enjoy the hassle free, auto, easiest balance checking your prepaid mobile ACC.Please feel free to enjoy free, quick recharge, and emergency loan feature in True Balance Wallet!Please noteWe are giving &quot;Points&quot; as a reward, with these points users can top-up or recharge packages. For this purpose, TrueBalance may collect the user&#39;s contact number automatically, or ask the user to enter it manually. We guarantee that users&#39; private information will never be shared with any third party or made searchable or public in any form. The information will be used only for the customer service and the improvement of the service quality of TrueBalance service itself.Note on all permissions1. 2. Identity: To provide an auto-complete E-mail3. Contact: To show your call history and details with names in Message History tab4. Location: To obtain your current telecom circle or service area5. SMS, Phone: To call USSD and analyze balance details in operator messages.7. Photo/Media/Files: To save the app data in your device storage8. Wi-Fi connection information: To check the network connection and also be used for Statistics function9. Device ID &amp; Call information: To read and reflect your SIM information in the app.Write to us☆ We love to hear your comments; please write to us at cs@balancehero.com