Need to buy or sell a car? This Android App caters all your car related queries. Coming from India’s #1 auto portal, it offers the simplest way for you to select the new car through a step by step process. You can also compare various models &amp; even different variants of the same model to reach at the best conclusion. Boasting details like on-road price for your city, dealer details, interiors, accessories, expert reviews and rating, full specs, pictures, wallpapers and videos for all the models of all the brands like Maruti Suzuki, Aston Martin, Audi, Bentley, BMW, Bugatti, Chevrolet, Datsun, Ferrari, Fiat, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Isuzu, Jaguar, Lamborghini, Land Rover, Mahindra, Mercedes, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Porsche, Renault, Rolls Royce, Skoda, Tata, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volvo etc, the app even helps to arrange test drives from the nearest dealer.														With more than one lakh listed used cars, this is the perfect app for people looking for second hand vehicles. Even selling a car is pretty simple, just click a picture of the car with your phone, upload it along with details to find the right buyers. In order to ensure that only genuine customers contact you, we even verify prospective buyers before putting them in touch with you.Here are some of the ways in which the app will help you:														- New Car Research: Explore all the details including Specs, Pictures, Mileage, etc.														- Used Car Search: With a listing of over 100,000 used vehicles across India, you can surely buy the one that fits  your needs														- Sell Car: Upload picture for sale and get genuine buyers from the biggest second hand customer base- User Reviews: Real user opinions to guide you to make an informed decision.														- News: The enthusiasts can get the most updated, exhaustive and latest news from the Auto Industry														- Feel The Car: Lets you experience what it is like to be inside or around the vehicle														- Compare Cars: Compare features, price, mileage etc. to reach a logical conclusion- Set Alerts for Upcoming car launches. Upto date information on Car Prices, Pictures, Videos of all recent launches : Renault Kwid, Hyundai Creta, Maruti Baleno and many more.