BabyBerry is a pregnancy app &amp; a parenting app all rolled in one. Just install it, confirm you are expecting and it gives you pregnancy chart, pregnancy calendar, pregnancy tips, foetus development report, baby kick counter &amp; more. If you are a mother of a young child, it gives you growth chart, vaccination schedules with alerts, milestones tracker, health records manager &amp; parenting tips by experts. You can even ask a doctor and get your questions answered within the app.From Pregnancy to ParentingWe designed BabyBerry to be in every step of the way to motherhood. A single app that helps a mother-to-be while she is pregnant all the way to assisting her in raising a healthy baby after birth. Pregnancy features in brief• Track your weight &amp; body changes • View weekly foetus development report• Easily count baby kicks by just tapping• Read pregnancy articles by leading experts• Ask a doctor and get your question answered every weekParenting features in a snapshot• Easily track &amp; measure your baby’s growth week by week • Baby vaccination charts &amp; schedules in India with reminders• Quick &amp; easy storage &amp; management of your baby’s health records• Baby milestones tracker for all-round development of your child• Huge resources of parenting &amp; child care tips from leading experts• Ask a doctor and get your question answered every weekCommon features • Handy co-parenting feature so that both parents can use the app &amp; access its content• 24/7 offline access to the app even when you don’t have internet connectivityPregnancy features in details 1. Track Your Weight &amp; Body Changes: Start tracking by using our Pregnancy Calendar. Easily store &amp; record changes over the months.2. View Weekly Development Report: With our weekly report, you get a quick snapshot of how the foetus is developing so far.3. Count Baby Kicks: Can’t wait to count kicks? That’s why we created the Baby Kick Counter. It’s easy &amp; fun!4. Ask a Doctor: Have queries related to pregnancy? Get answers every week from doctors right within the app.5. Pregnancy Tips &amp; Articles by Experts: Free pregnancy tips &amp; articles by leading health professionals including nutritionists &amp; dieticians.Parenting features in details 1. Track &amp; Monitor Your Child’s Growth: Easy to use Growth Chart for both boys &amp; girls. Just key in your child&#39;s weight, height and head circumference at regular intervals. View &amp; compare growth trend as per WHO’s growth chart for Indian kids.2. Easily Store &amp; Manage Health Records: Keep a record of doctor visits and notes given by them in seconds. Save prescriptions by just clicking a picture. Search records by tags or by doctor names or by date.3. Never Miss Any Important Vaccines: Vaccination charts as per the latest IAP recommendations &amp; are updated automatically. Set reminders before a vaccination is due. Get additional information for each vaccination.4. Measure All Important Milestones: Track emotional, cognitive, social, language and physical milestones for overall growth and development. Each milestone is explained at length for its significance and its impact, if it is not achieved.5. Parenting Tips &amp; Advice from Real Experts: Free parenting tips &amp; articles by leading professionals including nutritionists &amp; dieticians.6. Ask a Doctor: Have queries related to parenting? Get answers every week directly from doctors &amp; experts right within the app.Download it now.