Recipe Book (a FREE cook book app with half million recipes) will guide you through your cooking quests with such ease that your cooking skills will be no less than that of a professional chef! In this application, we have all the recipes including Indian recipe, Mexican recipe, Korean recipe, healthy recipe, German recipe, Italian recipe, Chinese recipe, seafood recipe, chicken recipe, pork chop recipe, fast food recipe, Arabian recipes for free. that you will ever need; be it recipes for a healthy meal or turkey recipes for a generous recipes for chicken ,recipes with turkey, recipes for chicken breast,recipes for salmon,recipes for ground beef ,recipes for dinner, recipes with ham, recipes for chicken thighs,recipes for asparagus, recipes with buttermilk, recipes with shrimp, recipes for kids, recipes for pork chops,recipes with quinoa, recipes with kale. recipes with strawberries, recipes with Italian sausage etc., recipe app has it all!. Now you can find recipes in Hindi, recipes in Tamil, recipes in Urdu, recipes in Marathi and in many more languages. A wide range of delicious Easter special egg recipes are now available. Celebrate the divine month of month of Easter with holy food items. Special and palatable New Year and Christmas recipes such as new year filipino, new year dinner, new year&#39;s appetizers, new year dessert, Chinese new year recipes, Jewish new year recipes, new year cake recipe, new year Indian recipes, new year recipes vegetarian, new year&#39;s recipes for appetizers, new year recipes pinoy, new year recipes party, whiskey cocktail recipes, christmas desserts, christmas cookie, christmas candy, christmas jamie oliver, christmas punch, etc. are also available.Features:- Shopping List (offline support)- Favourite List - Calorie &amp; Nutrition List- Cooking Time Details - Search Option - Language Change Option- Share Option Now even your kids can explore and create their own tastes with the safe and simple cooking directions provided in this app. We have a huge collection of recipes just for children! This is the perfect app if you are trying to tingle the taste buds of your meat-loving friends. We also have mouth-watering recipes of ground beef, beef steak, beef biryani and many more savory beef dishes! Have fun baking a variety of cakes including plum cakes, cupcakes, lemon cakes, Christmas cakes for kids etc., with the easy to prepare cake recipes in the app. The recipe book app enables you to search recipes by ingredients. It offers you quick recipes for dinner, easy cook recipes for breakfast, daily recipes for busy workers, holiday recipes,recipes with ground turkey, etc.  Recipe Book has special and healthy recipes for kids. Special vegetarian recipes like recipes with cucumbers, recipes for bananas, and recipes for diabetics will guide you to keep your health balanced. Application has specialized in fried rice, cake, paneer, palak paneer, chicken, cake, pizza, chinese pasta, pancake, cookies, cheesecake, cream recipes, etc. Recipe book app provides you with all information you required to prepare dishes such as the total cooking time, ingredients required, baking/cooking method, etc. Follow us on:* Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/recipebk * Google+ - https://www.google.com/+recipebkapps * Twitter - https://twitter.com/recipebk * Tumblr - http://recipebookapp.tumblr.com * Instagram - http://instagram.com/recipebkapps * Pinterest - http://www.pinterest.com/recipebk